burning. massive flames. a dark shape emerges the bat symbol. growing. filling the screen with blackness. cut to daylight. moving over the towers of downtown gotham... closing in on an office building... on a large window... which shatters to reveal int. office, high rise day a man in a clown mask holding a smoking silenced pistol ejects a shell casing. this is dopey. he turns to a second man, happy, also in clown mask, who steps forward with a cable launcher, aims at a lower roof across the street and fires a cable across. dopey secures the line to an ibeam line clamp on sends a kit bag out then steps out the window... ext. highrise day ...into space. the men slide across the dizzying drop... landing on the lower roof across the street. ext. downtown gotham day a man on the corner, back to us, holding a clown mask. an suv pulls up. the man gets in, puts on his mask. inside the car two other men wearing clown masks. grumpy three of a kind. lets do this. one of the clowns looks up from loading his automatic weapon. chuckles thats it? three guys? . grumpy theres two on the roof. every guy is an extra share. five shares is plenty. chuckles six shares. dont forget the guy who planned the job. grumpy yeah? he thinks he can sit it out and still take a slice, then i get why they call him the joker. grumpy cocks his weapon. bozo pulls the car over in front of the gotham first national bank. ext. rooftop, bank continuous dopey pries open an access panel happy why do they call him the joker? dopey i heard he wears makeup. happy makeup? dopey pulls out thick bundles of blue cat cables. dopey yeah. to scare people. war paint. ext. bank continuous grumpy, chuckles and bozo get out of the car and march into the bank carrying assault rifles int. bank day the security guard looks up grumpy fires into the ceiling. customers scream. chuckles cracks the security guard. as grumpy and bozo round up the hostages, one of the tellers presses a button mounted beneath her window a silent alarm. ext. rooftop day dopey watches the alarm ping his handheld. . dopey here comes the silent alarm. touches a button and there it goes. thats funny. it didnt dial out to it was trying to reach a private number. behind him, happy raises his silenced handgun. happy is it a problem? dopey no, no. im done here. happy shoots. dopey slumps. happy picks up his bag and forces open the roof access door... int. stairwell, bank day ...and speeds down the stairs, to the basement. he slams open the door... int. vault room, bank day ...and comes face to face with a huge vault. int. lobby, bank day bozo and grumpy move down the line of hostages bozo hands each hostage objects from a bag. a grenade. grumpy follows, pulling the pins. grumpy obviously, we dont want you doing anything with your hands other than holding on for dear life. blam. chuckles is blown off his feet grumpy and bozo dive for cover the bank manager steps out of his office, shotgun in hand. hostages scramble, clinging their grenades... int. vault room, bank day happy clamps a drill to the vault the bit spins slides into the metal door a bolt of electricity rips through the drill, throwing happy to the floor int. lobby, bank day grumpy and bozo cower as the bank manager fires again. . grumpy hes got three left? bozo raises two fingers. grumpy squeezes off a shot. the bank manager fires. fires again. grumpy looks at bozo, who nods. grumpy jumps up. the bank manager fires grumpy grunts as buckshot clips his shoulder. falls. the bank manager moves in for the kill, fumbling for new shells. bozo stands shoots him. bozo picks up the shotgun. grumpy checks his wound its superficial. he struggles to his feet. grumpy contd whered you learn to count?! bozos mask stares him down. grumpy heads for the stairs in the back. bozo starts loading fresh shells into the shotgun. bank manager you have any idea who youre stealing from? you and your friends are dead. bozo looks down at him. says nothing. int. vault room, bank day happy at the vault door, barefoot, turning the tumblers with hands stuffed into his sneakers. grumpy walks in. happy they wired this thing up with , volts. what kind of bank does that? grumpy a mob bank. guess the jokers as crazy as they say. happy shrugs. grips the wheel bolt and spins it. grumpy contd wheres the alarm guy? happy boss told me when the guy was done i should take him out. one less share. grumpy funny, he told me something similar... happy freezes. the wheel spins to a stop the vault door clunks open happy grabs for his weapon spins to see grumpy shoot. grumpy steps over happy into the vault... . int. vault, bank day ...which is filled with an eightfoot mountain of cash. int. lobby, bank day grumpy walks into the lobby, straining under several duffels filled with cash. he dumps them. looks at bozo. laughs. grumpy cmon, theres a lot to carry... int. lobby, bank day bozo walks back into the lobby with two more duffels. sets them down on an enormous pile. grumpy looks at it. grumpy if this guy was so smart he would have had us bring a bigger car. grumpy jabs his pistol in bozos back. takes his weapon. grumpy contd im betting the joker told you to kill me soon as we loaded the cash. bozo shakes head no. i kill the bus driver. grumpy bus driver? what bus bozo steps backwards. smash. hostages scream as the tail end of a yellow school bus rockets through the front of the bank, slamming grumpy into the tellers window. bozo picks up grumpys weapon. another clown opens the rear door of the bus. bozo shoots him. then loads the bags onto the bus. the wounded bank manager watches him. in the distance sirens. bank manager think youre smart, huh? well, the guy who hired yous just do the same to you... bozo slowly shakes his head. bank manager contd sure he will. criminals in this town used to believe in things... bozo turns back to the bank manager. crouches over him. . bank manager contd honor. respect. what do you believe, huh? what do you bel bozo slides a grenade into the mans mouth. a purple thread is knotted around the pin. the joker i believe that what doesnt kill you... bozo pulls off his mask. the bank manager gasps. in the reflections of the glass debris behind the bank manager we see glimpses of a scarred mouth and clown makeup. the joker. the joker contd ...simply makes you stranger. the bank managers eyes go wide. the joker rises, strolls towards the bus, the purple thread attached to the grenade pin unraveling from the purple lining of his jacket as he walks. the joker climbs into the bus, shuts the rear door, trapping the purple thread... ext. school, gotham day kids pour out, heading onto a long line of school buses. int. bank continuous as the bus pulls out, the purple thread pulls the pin hostages scream and scurry away from the bank manager, who shakes with fear as, with a fizz, the grenade does not explode, but spews red smoke. ext. bank day the school bus pulls free of the bank wall and pulls out onto the street, sliding into the line of identical buses heading past the bank. the buses trundle past cop cars racing up the street... and we cut to ext. moving over gotham night from the top of a brick building a shaft of light comes on. ext. various locations continuous a patrolman looks up at the batsignal. smiles. a dealer standing beside a car spots the signal. steps back. . dealer no, man. i dont like it tonight. buyer whatre you, superstitious? you got more chance of winning the powerball than running into him... int. major crimes unit, gotham central night detective ramirez, female, rookie detective, s, makes coffee, watching a news show on the television. on screen the host, mike engel, lays into the mayor. engel mr mayor, you were elected on a campaign to clean up the city... when are you going to start? mayor well, mike engel like this socalled batman a lot of people say hes doing some good that criminals are running scared... but i say no. what kind of hero needs to wear a mask? you dont let vigilantes run around breaking the law... where does it end? yet, we hear rumors that instead of trying to arrest him the cops are using him to do their dirty work. mayor im told our men in the major crimes unit are close to an arrest. ramirez hey, wuertz the mayor says youre closing in on the batman. wuertz looks up, listless. crumples up a paper. wuertz the investigation is ongoing. he throws the paper at the trash. it rebounds off a board headed batman suspects. lined with pictures abraham lincoln. elvis. the abominable snowman. . ext. rooftop, major crimes unit night ramirez comes out onto the roof. lieutenant gordon sits by a searchlight. she hands gordon a cup of coffee. ramirez ever intending to see your wife again, lieutenant? gordon i thought you had to go look after your mother, detective. ramirez they checked her back into hospital. gordon im sorry. ramirez making light least there shes got someone round the clock. unlike your wife. looks at batsignal he hasnt shown? gordon gets up. looks into the sky at the batsignal. gordon often doesnt. but i like reminding everybody that hes out there. ramirez why wouldnt he come? gordon hopefully... because hes busy. ext. parking garage night two black suvs pull onto the top floor. a large man emerges the chechen. a bodyguard points at the sky. the chechen peers up at the batsignal. shrugs. chechen thats why we bring dogs. bodyguard opens the back door three enormous rotweilers emerge, growling. the chechen crouches, kissing the dogs. chechen contd my little princes... more . chechen contd to bodyguards the batmans invisible to you fools... but my little princes... they can find human meat in complete darkness. the chechen moves to the second suv, reaches in and drags out a skinny, wildeyed junkie by his hair. junkie babbling no! no get em off me! off me! the chechen drags the junkie towards a battered white van. the vans rear doors open... two armed thugs emerge, carrying barrels... a third hovers in the dark interior. chechen look! look what your drugs did to my customers! voice o.s. buyer beware... the figure emerges scarecrow. wearing his mask. scarecrow i told your man my compound would take you places. i never said theyd be places you wanted to go. chechen my business is repeat customers. scarecrow if you dont like what i have to offer, buy from someone else. assuming batman left anyone else to buy from. the chechen frowns. the dogs start barking. bodyguard nervous hes here. a burly thug at the periphery is suddenly sucked into the darkness. in his place a shadow straightens, revealing pointed batears against the glittering skyline. chechen come on, sonofbitch my dogs are hungry, pity theres only one of you... . a bodyguard to the side disappears with a scream, and a second batshadow appears. the chechen looks taken aback. three more batshadows appear... even the dogs stop growling. boom! a hole appears in the suv next to the chechen. the first batshadow steps into the light carrying a shotgun. chaos as men scatter and the rooftop erupts in gunfire. the chechen turns as he hears one of his men scream. chechen contd loose the dogs! a bodyguard releases the dogs they race, salivating, into the darkness... the dogs race towards a batshadow the first dog leaps, gets its jaws around the batshadows throat... scarecrow ducks behind the van holes punched in the side by shotgun blasts right behind him. he starts to climb into the drivers seat the muzzle of a shotgun is pressed to the back of his head a batshadow is behind him he sprays him with fear toxin the batshadow collapses to the ground, screaming. the chechen, cowering from gunfire, looks down at him. scarecrow not the real thing. chechen how you know? scarecrow were old friends. a huge black shape slams down onto a row of parked cars. the batmobile. scarecrow contd thats more like it. the chechens men blast away at the front of the car the bullets spark off its monstrous surface harmlessly... int. batmobile continuous the cockpit is empty. one of the screens reads loiter. the shooting stops. the screen switches to intimidate . ext. parking garage continuous the men stare at the batmobile for a quiet moment... boom! the batmobile cannons blast cars all around the men a batshadow lines up his shotgun on a running bodyguard clunk a black gauntlet grasps the barrel and bends it upwards with a howl of tortured steel the batshadow looks into the face of the batman. the real batman. the batshadow stumbles backwards in terror, leaving the bent shotgun in batmans hand. batman opens his hand, revealing a pneumatic mangle hidden in his palm batman bears down on the dogs mauling another batshadow draws his grappling gun and shoots his grapple into the fake batmans leg and rips him from the dogs, one dog hanging on as batman pulls the unconscious man away... the chechen runs down the ramp towards the exit... as batman kicks the dog off the fake batman the chechen gets into his suv another dog locks its jaws around batmans forearm, ripping, tearing batman swings the dog over his head smashes it against the ground its jaws open... batman rises, an engine races behind him he cant turn in time blam hes slammed sideways by the speeding van. int. van continuous scarecrow, driving, nods at him and hits the gas... batman raises his hand, revealing his jointed mangle and pistons. the mangle straightens and rotates from his palm to the knife edge of his opened hand... batman chops straight through the windshield pulls his hand out and chops again the mangle gets stuck scarecrow steers towards a column... ext. parking garage continuous batman cant free himself he turns a dial on his forearm piston explosive bolts blow, freeing his gauntlet from the mangle he rolls free of the van as it scrapes the column and barrels down the circular exit ramp. batman rises. a phony batman lying on the ground watches as batman climbs up to the edge of the tenstory corkscrew ramp and stands there, waiting for something. after a moment he jumps... and falls... ten stories... hes about to hit the exit ramp the van appears his cape pops open he slams into the roof, crushing the cab. . ext. rooftop, parking garage moments later the chechens men are lined up against the wall, bound with zipties. so are the fake batmen. batman dumps scarecrow next to the three batmen, rips his mask off. batman were trying to help you! batman i dont need help. scarecrow not my diagnosis. batman silences scarecrow with his boot. turns to batman batman dont let me find you out here again. batman moves towards the batmobile. batman you need us! theres only one of youits war out here! batman gets into the batmobile. batman contd what gives you the right?! whats the difference between you and me?! as the canopy hisses shut batman im not wearing hockey pads. the batman looks down at his makeshift costume as the batmobile roars past. ext. bank night lieutenant gordon ducks the barrage of shouted questions from press and picks his way into the lobby of the bank. int. lobby, bank night forensic specialists work the room. ramirez hands gordon prints indicates the surveillance cameras. ramirez he cant resist showing us his face. gordon looks at the grainy blowup of the jokers face sweating clown makeup plastered thick around the mouth. . gordon put this out, by morning we can put a big top over central holding and sell tickets. whats he hiding under that makeup? gordon approaches a forensic photographer shooting grumpys body. gordon crouches to look at his clown mask. batman steps from the shadows. gordon nods at ramirez. ramirez give us a minute, please, people! the forensic team and ramirez leave. gordon hands batman the blowup of the joker. batman him again. who are the others? gordon another bunch of small timers. batman pulls a device from his belt moves to the bundles of cash scattered near the clowns body. the device pings. batman picks up a bundle. hands it to gordon. batman some of the marked bills i gave you. gordon my detectives have been making drug buys with them for weeks. this bank was another drop for the mob. that makes five banks weve found the bulk of their dirty cash. batman time to move in. gordon waves the photo. gordon what about this joker guy? batman one man or the entire mob? he can wait. gordon well have to hit all banks simultaneously. swat teams, backup. gordon holds up the bundle of banknotes. . gordon contd when the new d.a. gets wind of this, hell want in. batman do you trust him? gordon be hard to keep him out. gordon bags the cash. gordon contd i hear hes as stubborn as you. but batman is already gone. int. wayne penthouse morning alfred walks past soaring downtown views as he carries a breakfast tray through the vast, empty penthouse. he stops, looking at a stillmade bed. alfred sighs, turns. ext. rail yards morning alfred gets out of the rolls carrying a thermos. he walks towards a railway bridge, stops at a freight container sitting, lopsided, on blocks. alfred unlocks the rusty padlock and chain. steps inside. int. freight container continuous alfred fumbles in the dark bangs his elbow a hiss as the floor lowers... alfred sinks down into... int. batbunker continuous the container floor lowers on a giant piston. alfred steps off into a large, lowceilinged concrete chamber. the batmobile sits in the middle. machines d printers, power tools dot the hightech space. at one end, wayne sits at a bank of monitors watching cctv footage of the bank robbery. alfred be nice when wayne manors rebuilt and you can swap not sleeping in a penthouse for not sleeping in a mansion. alfred places a cup of coffee in front of wayne, who is stitching up a cut on his arm. . alfred contd takes needle when you stitch yourself up you make a bloody mess. wayne but i learn from my mistakes. alfred you ought to be pretty knowledgeable by now, then. wayne my armor... im carrying too much weight i need to be faster. alfred im sure mr. fox can oblige. looks at wound did you get mauled by a tiger? wayne a dog. off look a big dog. there were more copycats last night, alfred. with guns. alfred perhaps you could hire some of them and take weekends off. wayne this wasnt exactly what i had in mind when i said i wanted to inspire people. alfred i know. but things are improving. look at the new district attorney... wayne indicates a monitor a handsome man in a suit. wayne i am. closely. i need to know if he can be trusted. alfred looks at other images the d.a. at a meeting. campaigning. helping someone out of a cab rachel. alfred are you interested in his character... or his social circle? . wayne who rachel spends her time with is her business. alfred well, i trust youre not following me on my day off. wayne if you ever took one, i might. alfred bites the thread. examines his stitches. looks at the scars crisscrossing waynes shoulders. alfred know your limits, master wayne. wayne batman has no limits. alfred well, you do, sir. wayne i cant afford to know them. alfred and what happens the day you find out? wayne we all know how much you like to say i told you so. alfred that day, master wayne, even i wont want to. probably. int. courtroom, superior court day harvey dent bursts into the courtroom. assistant d.a. rachel dawes, look up, annoyed. dent sorry im late, folks. rachel leans in to dent, speaking under her breath. rachel where were you? dent worried youd have to step up? . rachel i know the briefs backwards. dent pulls a large silver dollar out of his pocket. grins. dent well, then, fairs fair heads, ill take it. tails, hes all yours. dent flips. shows it to rachel heads. rachel youre flipping coins to see who leads? dent my fathers lucky coin. as i recall, it got me my first date with you. rachel im serious, harvey, you dont leave things like this to chance. dent i dont. sincere i make my own luck. dent looks across at the defendant sal maroni. maroni i thought the da just played golf with the mayor, things like that. dent teeoffs . more than enough time to put you away for life, sally. the bailiffs lead a thin man into the witness box. rossi. int. courtroom, superior court day rossi takes a sip of water. dent works the room. dent with carmine falcone in arkham, someone mustve stepped up to run the socalled family. rossi nods is this man in the courtroom today? rossi nods again could you identify him for us, please? dent turns to maroni, who is pokerfaced. dent smiles. . rossi you win, counselor. it was me. dents smile disappears. he turns back to rossi. dent ive got a sworn statement from you that this man, salvatore maroni, is the new head of the falcone crime family. rossi maroni? hes a fall guy. im the brains of the organization. laughs from the gallery. dent turns to the judge. dent permission to treat the witness as hostile? rossi hostile? ill show you hostile. rossi jumps up, points a gun at dents face. screams from the gallery. rossi pulls the trigger the gun misfires with a pop. dent steps forward, grabs the gun decks rossi with a right cross unloads the gun and sets it down in front of maroni. dent ceramic caliber. made in china. if you want to kill a public servant, mr. maroni, i recommend you buy american. everyone stares, openmouthed, as dent adjusts his tie. the bailiffs are wrestling rossi from the box dent contd but, your honor, im not done... int. lobby, dents office, das day rachel, excited, leads dent through the lobby. rachel well never link the gun to maroni, so we cant charge him, but ill tell you one thing the fact they tried to kill you means were getting to them. . dent glad youre so pleased, rachel. im fine by the way. rachel turns to dent. smooths his lapels. rachel harvey, youre gothams d.a. if youre not getting shot at, youre not doing your job. smiles course if you said you were rattled we could take the rest of the day... dent cant. i dragged the head of the major crimes unit down here. rachel jim gordon? hes a friend try to be nice. int. dents office day gordon stands as dent enters. the two men shake. gordon word is youve got a hell of a right cross. shame sals going to walk. dent well, good thing about the mob is they keep giving you second chances. dent picks up a bundle of bills from the heist. dent contd lightly irradiated bills. fancy stuff for a city cop. have help? gordon we liaise with various agencies dent save it, gordon. i want to meet him. gordon official policy is to arrest the vigilante known as batman on sight. dent and that flood light on top of m.c.u.? . gordon if you have any concerns about... malfunctioning equipment... take them up with maintenance, counselor. dent tosses the bills back onto his desk. annoyed. dent ive put every known money launderer in gotham behind bars. but the mob is still getting its money out. i think you and your friend have found the last game in town and youre trying to hit em where it hurts their wallets. bold. you gonna count me in? gordon in this town, the fewer people know something, the safer the operation. dent gordon, i dont like that youve got your own special unit, and i dont like that its full of cops i investigated at internal affairs. gordon if i didnt work with cops youd investigated while you were making your name at i.a. id be working alone. i dont get political points for being an idealist i have to do the best i can with what i have. dent looks at gordon. considering how to proceed. dent you want me to back warrants for search and seizure on five banks without telling me who were after? gordon i can give you the names of the banks. dent well, thats a start. ill get you your warrants. but i want your trust. gordon rises you dont have to sell me, dent. we all know youre gothams white knight. . dent grins i hear theyve got a different nickname for me down at m.c.u.. gordon smiles. int. boardroom, wayne enterprises day lucius fox, ceo of wayne enterprises, and the board listen to lau, s, ceo of l.s.i. holdings. lau in china l.s.i. holdings stands for dynamic new growth. a joint chinese venture with wayne enterprises will be a powerhouse. fox well, mr. lau, i speak for the rest of the board, and mr. wayne, in expressing our own excitement... the chinese look to the head of the table wayne, asleep. int. hallway, wayne enterprises day fox shows lau to the elevator. hes joined by, reese, s, an ambitious m and a consultant lawyer. lau its ok, mr. fox. everyone knows who really runs wayne enterprises. fox well be in touch as soon as our people have wrapped up the diligence. the elevator doors close. reese frowns. reese sir, i know mr. waynes curious how his trust fund gets replenished but frankly... its embarrassing. fox heads for his office, reese in tow. fox you worry about the diligence, mr. reese. ill worry about bruce wayne. reese its done the numbers are solid. . fox smiles do it again. wouldnt want the trust fund to run out, would we? int. boardroom, wayne enterprises continuous wayne is standing by the window. fox another long night? wayne smiles this joint venture was your idea, and the consultants love it, but im not convinced. l.s.i.s grown percent annually, like clockwork. they must have a revenue stream thats off the books. maybe even illegal. wayne ok. cancel the deal. fox looks at wayne you already knew. wayne i needed a closer look at their books. fox looks at wayne. wry. fox anything else you can trouble me for? wayne i need a new suit. fox looks him over three buttons is a little nineties. wayne im not talking about fashion, mr.fox, so much as function. wayne pulls some diagrams. fox looks them over. fox you want to be able to turn your head? wayne sure make backing out of the driveway easier. . fox ill see what i can do. int. restaurant night rachel and dent at a table. dent looks a little intimidated by the surroundings. dent it took three weeks to get a reservation and i had to tell them i worked for the government. rachel really? dent this city health inspectors not afraid to pull strings. rachel smiles. then, over dents shoulder, she sees wayne enter, accompanied by a beautiful woman. dent contd what? wayne rachel! fancy that. rachel yes, bruce. fancy that. wayne rachel, natascha. natascha, rachel. natascha russian accent hello. dent the famous bruce wayne. rachels told me everything about you. wayne i certainly hope not. rachel bruce, this is harvey dent. wayne lets put a couple tables together. dent i dont know if theyll let us . wayne they should! i own the place. rachel for how long? about three weeks? wayne howd you know? rachel natascha, arent you...? wayne prima ballerina for the moscow ballet. rachel harveys taking me next week. wayne youre into ballet, harvey? rachel no. he knows i am. an extra table arrives. int. same later they finish up dinner. natascha no, come on how could you want to raise children in a city like this? wayne i was raised here. i turned out ok. dent is wayne manor in the city limits? rachel gives dent a withering look. wayne the palisades? sure. you know, as our new d.a. you might want to figure out where your jurisdiction ends. natascha im talking about the kind of city that idolizes a masked vigilante... dent gothams proud of an ordinary man standing up for whats right. . natascha gotham needs heroes like you elected officials, not a man who thinks hes above the law. wayne exactly. who appointed the batman? dent we did. all of us who stood by and let scum take control of our city. wayne watches dent. sees his passion. natascha but this is a democracy, harvey. dent when their enemies were at the gate, the romans would suspend democracy and appoint one man to protect the city. it wasnt considered an honor. it was considered public service. rachel and the last man they asked to protect the republic was named caesar. he never gave up that power. dent well, i guess you either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. look, whoever the batman is, he doesnt want to spend the rest of his life doing this. how could he? batmans looking for someone to take up his mantle. natascha someone like you, mr. dent? dent maybe. if im up to it. natascha reaches up and covers the top half of dents face. natascha but what if harvey dent is the caped crusader? dent if i were sneaking out every night someone wouldve noticed by now. . dent takes rachels hand. rachel glances at wayne. awkward. wayne well, youve sold me, dent. im gonna throw you a fundraiser. dent thats nice of you, bruce, but im not up for reelection for three years. that stuff wont start for wayne i dont think you understand. one fundraiser with my pals, youll never need another cent. ext. back alley, hotel, downtown day a line of highend autos dispenses well dressed gangsters. int. kitchen, hotel day the chechen walks through a metal detector manned by two chinese. a lean, africanamerican man, s, is being wanded. this is gambol. he nods at the chechen, wary. int. conference room, hotel continuous gothams most notorious gangsters. a door opens, and two burly chinese enter, carrying a tv. they set it down on the end of the table. crime boss the hell is this...? the screen flickers to life lau. the room erupts. lau on t.v. gentlemen, please. as youre all aware, one of our deposits was stolen. a relatively small amount million. chechen whos stupid enough steal from us? lau im told the man who arranged the heist calls himself joker. chechen who the hell is that? . maroni twobit whackjob wears a cheap purple suit and makeup. hes not the problem hes a nobody. looks at lau the problem is our money being tracked by the cops. murmurs of surprise. lau thanks to mr. maronis wellplaced sources we know that police have indeed identified our banks using marked bills and are planning to seize your funds today everyone starts shouting at once. ext. various downtown banks continuous gordon sits in a swat van outside a bank. stephens is outside another. ramirez a third... swat teams check weapons and prepare move... int. social club, downtown continuous lau waits for the noise to subside. chechen you promised safe, clean money launder lau with the investigation ongoing, none of you can risk hanging on to your own proceeds. and since the enthusiastic new d.a. has put all my competitors out of business, im your only option. maroni so what are you proposing? lau moving all deposits to one secure location. not a bank. gambol where, then? lau obviously, no one can know but me. more . lau contd if the police were to gain leverage over one of you everyones money would be at stake. chechen what stops them getting to you? lau as the money is moved i go to hong kong. far from dents jurisdiction. and the chinese will not extradite one of their own. from the back of the room comes laughter. it grows and grows, until it fills the room. all eyes turn the joker. sweaty clown makeup obscuring the awful scars which widen his mouth into a permanent, ghoulish smile. the joker i thought i told bad jokes. gambol give me one reason i shouldnt have my boy here pull your head off. the joker pulls out a freshly sharpened pencil. the joker how about a magic trick? the joker slams the pencil into the table, leaving it upright. the joker contd ill make this pencil disappear. gambol nods. his bodyguard moves at the joker who sidesteps grips his head slams it, face down, onto the table... the bodyguard goes limp and slides off of the table. the pencil is gone. magic. the joker bows. grins at gambol. the joker contd and by the way, the suit wasnt cheap. you should know. you bought it. gambol stands, furious. the chechen stops him. chechen sit. i wanna hear proposition. the joker nods his thanks. rises. . the joker a year ago these cops and lawyers wouldnt dare cross any of you. what happened? did your balls drop off? see, a guy like me gambol a freak. laughs. which the joker tries to ignore. the joker a guy like me... i know why youre holding your little group therapy session in broad daylight. i know why youre afraid to go out at night. batman. hes shown gotham your true colors. and dents just the beginning. indicates lau and as for his socalled plan batman has no jurisdiction. hell find him and make him squeal. smiles at lau i can tell the squealers every time. chechen what you propose? the joker its simple. kill the batman. jeers. laughter. maroni if its so easy why havent you done it already? the joker like my mother used to tell me if youre good at something, never do it for free. chechen how much you want? the joker half. laughter. the joker shrugs. rises. the joker contd you dont deal with this now, soon gambol wont even be able to get a nickel for his grandma . gambol enough from the clown. gambol gets up, moving at the joker, who casually opens his coat, revealing explosives wired to his chest. gambol stops. the joker lets not blow this out of all proportion. gambol stares at the joker. hard. gambol you think you can steal from us and just walk away? im putting the word out hundred grand for this clown dead. a million alive, so i get to teach him some manners, first. the joker shrugs. turns to the assembled. the joker let me know when you change your minds. the joker strolls out. maroni turns to lau. maroni how soon can you move the money? ext. various banks downtown continuous gordon hurries up the steps to a bank. swat teams rush the various banks. lau i already have... ext. underpass, gotham continuous a chinese man finishes loading a tractor trailer with cash boxes. the truck pulls out into a convoy. int. bank vault continuous gordon stands in an almost empty bank vault. furious. lau for obvious reasons i couldnt wait for your permission... int. social club, downtown continuous the shot of lau on the tv widens... . lau rest assured, your money is safe. he is already on his private jet. in the sky the bat signal. ext. roof, police station night batman emerges from the shadows. the man next to the glowing spotlight turns dent. dent youre a hard man to reach. gordon bursts onto the rooftop, weapon drawn. sees dent. dent contd laus halfway to hong kong if youd asked, i could have taken his passport i told you to keep me in the loop. gordon yeah? all that was left in the vaults were the marked bills they knew we were coming! as soon as your office got involved, theres a leak dent my office?! youre sitting down here with scum like wuertz and ramirez... off look oh, yeah, gordon i almost had your rookie cold on a racketeering beef. gordon dont try to cloud the fact that clearly maronis got people in your office, dent. dent turns to batman. dent we need lau back, but the chinese wont extradite a national under any circumstances. batman if i get him to you, can you get him to talk? dent ill get him to sing. . gordon were going after the mobs life savings. things will get ugly. dent i knew the risks when i took this job, lieutenant. same as you. turns to batman how will you get him back, anyway? batman is gone. dent looks around, startled. gordon smirks. gordon he does that. int. foxs office, wayne industries day fox gets up from behind his desk. fox our chinese friend left town before i could tell him the deal is off. wayne im sure youve always wanted to go to hong kong. fox opens the door to a private elevator. int. private elevator continuous fox turns a key. fox whats wrong with a phone call? wayne i think mr. lau deserves a more personal touch. int. applied sciences division continuous fox leads wayne off the elevator and into the vast space. fox for high altitude jumps, you need oxygen and stabilizers. i must say compared to your usual requests, jumping out of an airplane is pretty straightforward. lucius stops at a cabinet, pulls open a drawer and hauls out an oxygen tank and ribbed rubber hosing. . wayne how about getting back into the plane? fox i can recommend a good travel agent. wayne without it landing. fox thats more like it, mr. wayne. he shuts the drawer. moves off, thinking. fox contd i dont think i have anything here. the cia had a program in the s for getting their people out of hot spots. called sky hook. now fox opens a cabinet to reveal components of a new batsuit. armored plating secured to mesh. wayne lifts an arm. fox contd hardened kevlar plates on a titanium dipped fiber triweave for flexibility... wayne examines double blade scallops on the gauntlet... fox contd youll be lighter, faster, more agile... wayne flinches as the blades fire, spinning like throwing stars, narrowly missing his ear, embedding themselves in a filing cabinet. fox looks at him. fox contd perhaps you should read the instructions, first. wayne sorry. fox picks up the chest, demonstrating its flexibility. fox now, theres a tradeoff... the spread of the plates gives you weak spots. youll be more vulnerable to gunfire and knives. . wayne we wouldnt want things getting too easy, would we? picks up suit how will it hold up against dogs? fox looks at him quizzically. fox you talking chihuahuas or rotweilers? wayne smiles it should do fine against cats. int. batbunker day wayne examines a parachute harness. alfred unfolds a diagram of a navy cargo plane with a giant v mounted on the front. alfred i found one. in arizona. very nice man says it will take him a week to get it running. and he takes cash. what about a flight crew? wayne south korean smugglers. they run flights into pyongyang, below radar the whole way. did you think of an alibi? alfred looks quite pleased with himself. alfred oh, yes. ext. ballet night rachel and dent arrive to find the box office shuttered. a signperformance canceled. a newspaper story is taped to the glass. over a picture of bruce wayne on a yacht love boat billionaire absconds with entire moscow ballet. ext. deck, waynes yacht, the caribbean day alfred, picks his way over twelve sunbathing ballerinas. wayne looks up from a newspaper. alfred points to a seaplane gently touching down across the bay. alfred i believe your plane is here. . wayne you look tired, alfred. will you be all right without me? a ballerina rolls over waves the suntan lotion at alfred. alfred if you can tell me the russian for apply your own bloody suntan lotion. wayne tosses a large, waterproof kit bag into the water and jumps in after it. begins swimming over to the seaplane. int. pool hall night gambol racks up. a bodyguard steps into the room. bodyguard somebody here for you. gambol looks to the back three rough customers are waiting. bodyguard contd they say theyve killed the joker. theyve come for the reward. gambol they bring proof? bodyguard they say theyve brought the body. the bodyguards flop a body wrapped in garbage bags onto the table. the bounty hunters wait in the corner. gambol pulls back one of the garbage bags, revealing the jokers bloodied face. gambol spits. turns to face the bounty hunters. gambol so. dead you get five hundred behind gambol, the joker sits up thrusts knives into the bodyguards chests. gambol spins to see a crazy grin on the jokers spitdribbled face the joker how about alive? the joker gets a switchblade in gambols mouth sharp metal pulling the cheek taut. the bounty hunters subdue the remaining bodyguards. the joker contd wanna know how i got these scars? more . the joker contd my father was a drinker and a fiend. hed beat mommy right in front of me. one night he goes off crazier than usual, mommy gets the kitchen knife to defend herself. he doesnt like that. not. one. bit. the joker tugs gambols cheek with the blade. the joker contd so, me watching, he takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it. turns to me and says why so serious? comes at me with the knife why so serious? sticks the blade in my mouth lets put a smile on that face and... the joker looks up at the ashen faces of the remaining body guards. smiles. the joker contd why so serious? the joker flicks his wrist the body guards flinch as gambol goes down. the joker turns to them. the joker contd now, our organization is small, but weve got a lot of potential for aggressive expansion... so which of you fine gentlemen would like to join our team? the three bodyguards all nod. the joker snaps a pool cue. the joker contd only one slot open right now so were going to have tryouts. the joker drops the broken cue in the middle of the men. the joker contd make it fast. the men stare at each other. then at the jagged pool cue. ext. peninsula hotel, hong kong day a helicopter touches down on one of the hotels twin helipads. two l.s.i. vps approach, heads ducked. fox gets out they shake hands, shouting over the engine . vp welcome to hong kong, mr. fox! mr. lau regrets he is unable to meet you in person. but with his current legal difficulties...! fox i understand! int. lobby, l.s.i.holdings day the vps usher fox towards security. vp im afraid for security reasons i have to ask for your mobile phone. lucius hands his phone to a security guard, who puts the phone in a box underneath his station. int. l.s.i.holdings day fox and lau eat lunch in a dining room overlooking the city. lau i must apologize for leaving gotham in the middle of our negotiations. this misunderstanding with the gotham police force... i couldnt let such a thing threaten my company. a businessman of your stature will understand. but with you here... we can continue. fox well, it was good of you to bring me out here in such style, mr. lau. but ive actually come... a cell phone rings. fox pulls out a second, identical, phone. fox presses the off switch and places the phone by his plate. lau we do not allow cell phones in fox sorry. forgot i had it. so, ive come to explain why were going to have to put our deal on hold... lau stares at fox. clearly furious. fox smiles. . fox contd we cant afford to be seen to do business with... well, whatever it is youre accused of being. a businessman of your stature will understand. lau gets up. silent. fox retrieves his phone. stands. lau cold i think, mr. fox, that a simple phone call might have sufficed. fox well, i do love chinese food. and mr. wayne didnt want you to think wed been deliberately wasting your time. lau just accidentally wasting it. fox laughs thats very good accidentally. very good. ill be sure and tell mr. wayne that he was wrong about you not having a sense of humor. int. lobby, l.s.i.holdings day lucius walks back through security. nods at the vp, who bows, offering lucius his cell phone. lucius shakes his head, holds up the identical phone. the vp smiles, nods, puts the phone back into the tray with several others. int. hold, c cargo hauler dawn two smugglers steal glances at wayne, crouched at the rear in balaclava and flight suit. the copilot signals wayne, who pulls on his oxygen mask and stands up. the rear of the plane opens. wayne steps to the edge, then jumps. ext. skies above hong kong dawn moving across the water towards hong kong harbor...tiny figure drops into frame, plummeting towards the water speeding past the highest floors of skyscrapers, seconds from impact. wayne pulls the chute drops into the water... ext. beneath freeway, hong kong harbor day wayne pulls himself out of the water, dragging up his pack. . ext. central escalators day wayne stops halfway up the crowded commuter escalator. he takes a camera and lines up a shot like any tourist. fox o.s. theres a better view from the peak tram. wayne turns to find fox standing there, street map out. wayne hows the view from l.s.i. holdings? fox restricted. laus holed up in there good and tight. here... fox shows wayne the phone. the display a d map of laus office suite. wayne takes the phone, impressed. wayne whats this? fox i had r and d work it up it sends out high frequencies and records the response time to map an environment. wayne smiles sonar. just like a b fox submarine. like a submarine. wayne and the other device? fox in place. wayne nods, moves away. fox contd mr. wayne? wayne turns good luck. ext. hong kong night moving towards the tallest building in the glittering skyline to find wayne, crouched on the roof. the blades of his gauntlets click into place. he dons the helmetlike cowl. . his cape is in the form of a hard faceted pack. he stands pulls two black boxes from his belt, clicks them together and unfolds them into a riflelike device. batman scopes a second, lower building. adjust a setting and fires four times... four small sticky bombs slap onto the glass of the lower building. they have visible timers which are counting down. int. lobby, l.s.i.holdings night lucius cell phone glows in the box under the security guards desk. characters race across the screen. then the monitor flickers off, the lights dim and all of the security doors in the front of the building open at once. the guard grabs his radio calls for help... ext. rooftop overlooking l.s.i.holdings batman launches into the glittering night, dropping from the tall tower... his pack bursts open, becoming his bat wings he glides down to the lower building, streaking around it, banking hard to line up with a window in the rear... int. laus office, l.s.i. holdings night lau is talking on the phone, staring at a profit projection on a flat screen monitor. suddenly the room goes dark. ext. l.s.i. holdings continuous as batman hurtles towards the glass he collapses his wings, wrapping his cape around himself and cannonballing through the glass int. laus office suite, l.s.i. holdings night rolling across the floor in a flurry of broken glass... int. laus office, top floor, l.s.i. holdings night lau pulls out a handgun. int. hallway, l.s.i. holdings night lau steps into the hallway. his bodyguards are waiting for him, carrying flashlights. lau where the hell are the cops? . bodyguard coming. lau what the hell am i paying them for? they head for the stairwell. ext. l.s.i. holdings night a small army of hong kong police lead by a hong kong detective descends on the building. int. mezzanine level, l.s.i. holdings night lau and his men make their way out onto the mezzanine. across the room, something makes a crashing sound. laus men fan out, trying to cover the room with their flashlights. suddenly, one of the flashlights goes dark. then another. someone screams. lau fires. then fires again. the muzzle flash from his weapon strobes the room. ext. l.s.i. holdings, hong kong night cops swarm into the building. a lobby security guard directs the hong kong detective where to go... int. office, l.s.i.holdings night lau locks the door. reloads. the door is kicked open. lau fires. no one is there. lau stares, finger restless on the trigger. from his right a noise. he turns and fires. in the muzzle flash batman, bearing down on him like a demon. lau fires, and fires again as batman tackles him. batman pulls out a small pack straps it onto lau the counter on the sticky bombs hits the hong kong detective and the cops burst into the room the wall and ceiling behind batman and lau explodes revealing the dawn sky above hong kong. the detective looks around as he hears a low rumble... . batman jerks the ripcord on laus pack. cops cower as a weather balloon explodes out of the pack, unreeling high test nylon. the cops cock their weapons. lau looks up. bemused. the weather balloon is two hundred feet up, swaying gently. the rumble builds... suddenly, a massive c roars over. the large v on the front of the plane snags the line lau and batman are yanked through the hole in the ceiling lau screams as he and batman soar up into the dawn sky... the detective looks up. batman and lau are gone. int. gordons office, mcu, gotham central day gordon is looking through case files. ramirez walks in. ramirez youre gonna want to see this. ext. mcu day gordon follows ramirez through a crowd of excited cops. on the ground, trussed like a chicken lau. a sign taped to his chest please deliver to lieutenant gordon. int. interrogation room, mcu, gotham central day lau sits next to his sleazy lawyer, evans. rachel walks in. rachel give us the money and well deal. lau the money is the only reason im still alive. rachel leans forward, speaking softly. clearly. rachel you mean when they hear that youve helped us theyre going to kill you? evans are you threatening my client? rachel no, im just assuming your clients cooperation with this investigation. as will everyone. moves to the door enjoy your stay in county, mr.lau. . lau wait. rachel stops i wont give you the money, but ill give you my clients. all of them. rachel you were a glorified accountant what could you have on all of them that we could charge? lau im good with calculation i handled all their investments. one big pot. int. observation room, mcu, gotham central day dent hits a buzzer. turns to gordon. dent ive got it. rico. if their money was pooled we can charge all of them as one criminal conspiracy. gordon charge them with what? rachel enters. dent in a rico case if we can charge any of the conspirators with a felony rachel we can charge all of them with it. dent nods at rachel, excited. int. interrogation room, mcu, gotham central day rachel comes back in. rachel mr. lau, do you have details of this communal fund? ledgers, notebooks...? lau smiles immunity, protection and a chartered plane back to hong kong. rachel once youve testified in open court. so with your clients locked up, what happens to all that money? . lau like i said im good with calculation. int. observation room, mcu, gotham central continuous dent and gordon watch lau. gordon he cant go to county. ill keep him here in the holding cells. dent what is this gordon, your fortress? gordon you trust them over at county? dent i dont trust them here. gordon lau stays. dent its your call, lieutenant. be right. gordon i am, counselor. ext. city hall day dent stands in front of a small crowd of reporters. reporter the chinese government claim their international rights have been broken. dent i dont know about mr. laus travel arrangements... int. restaurant continuous dents press conference plays on a tv in the corner. dent grins ...but im sure glad hes back. maroni and the chechen are watching the tv. chechen i put word out. we hire the clown. more . chechen contd off look he was right. we have to fix real problem. batman. maroni shakes his head. spots gordon walking over dangling a pair of handcuffs. nods at the tv. gordon our boy looks good on the tube. maroni you sure you want to embarrass me in front of my friends, lieutenant? gordon dont worry, theyre coming, too. gordon points out the window to a prison bus. ext. various downtown and outlying locations day prison buses in every neighborhood. cops load them with criminals. stephens puts crime boss in a prison bus. int. courtroom a, gotham municipal courthouse day judge surrillo reads the list of charges. judge surrillo ... counts racketeering, counts fraud, counts conspiracy murder... judge surrillo turns the page. a playing card sits there. a joker. he glances at it, curious, puts it to one side. judge surrillo contd ...how do the defendants plead? an army of defense lawyers jostle yelling all at once. the stenographer looks up, helpless. int. mayors office day the mayor, commissioner loeb, and gordon look up as dent enters. mayor dent! what was that circus?! dent i asked gordon to make some arrests. . loeb looks at report five hundred and gordon fortynine, sir. gordon nods at dent, approving. dent grins back. mayor criminals at once?! how did you convince surrillo to hear this farce? dent she shares my enthusiasm for justice. after all, she is a judge. mayor even if you blow enough smoke to get convictions out of surrillo, youll set a new record at appeals for quickest kick in the ass. dent it wont matter. the head guys make bail, sure... but the midlevel guys, they cant, and they cant afford to be off the streets long enough for trial and appeal. theyll cut deals that include some jail time. think of all you could do with months of clean streets. the mayor waves gordon and loeb out. mayor the public likes you, dent. thats the only reason this might fly. but that means its on you. theyre all coming after you, now. not just the mob... politicians, journalists, copsanyone whose wallets about to get lighter. are you up to it? dent smiles you better be. they get anything on you... those criminals will be back on the streets... the mayor turns to look out of the window. quiet. mayor contd followed swiftly by you and me bang! a dark shape cracks the glass in front of the mayors nose. dent rushes to the window, looks out... . ext. city hall continuous pedestrians look up, someone screams, someone points five stories up... swinging from a flagpole... batman. hanging by his neck. dead. his mouth roughly painted in a demonic clown smile. ext. city hall moments later batman is lowered from the flagpole. the same fake batman we saw earlier. pinned to his chest by a knife, a playing card. a joker. gordon moves closer to the body. the card has writing on it will the real batman please stand up? int. wayne penthouse day wayne comes into the living room, excited. alfred is supervising party arrangements. wayne hows it going? alfred i think your fundraiser will be a great success, sir. wayne and why do you think i wanted to hold a party for harvey dent? alfred i assumed it was your usual reason for socialising beyond myself and the scum of gothams underbelly to try and impress miss dawes. wayne very droll. but very wrong. actually its dent. you see mayor wayne trails off as he spots something on the television the batman hanging as from a news camera, framed by a graphic that reads batman dead? . image cuts to engel in the studio. engel ...police released video footage found concealed on the body. sensitive viewers be aware it is disturbing. . the image cuts to a blindfolded man, wearing a makeshift batman costume face bruised and bloody. in some kind of bright, fluorescentlit room. voice tell them your name. man weak brian douglas. voice are you the real batman? man no. voice why do you dress up like him? man hes a symbol... that we dont have to be afraid of scum like you... voice but you do, brian. you really do. you think the batmans helped gotham? brian nods uncertainly... voice contd look at me. brian looks down look at me! brian looks up the camera swings into the face of the joker, in chalkwhite makeup, red smear of lipstick on his scars. the joker this is how crazy batmans made gotham. you want order in gotham? batman has to go. so... leans in batman must take off his mask, and turn himself in. every day he doesnt... people will die. starting tonight. im a man of my word. the tape cuts to static. wayne turns to alfred. silent. . int. wayne penthouse evening dent and rachel get off the lift. dent stands in awe of the penthouse and its guests. rachel now ive seen it all harvey dent, scourge of the underworld, scared stiff by the trust fund brigade. rachel spots someone and darts off dent rachel alfred a little liquid courage, mr. dent? dent turns to see alfred with drinks on a silver tray. dent thanks. alfred, right? alfred yes, sir. dent rachel talks about you all the time. youve known her her whole life? alfred not yet, sir. dent smiles, surveys crowd any psychotic exboyfriends i should be aware of? alfred oh, you have no idea. alfred leaves dent standing there, puzzled. the crowd reacts as a loud roar drowns conversation... dent looks out ext. helipad, wayne penthouse continuous waynes chopper touches down. he spills out with a clutch of supermodels... int. wayne penthouse continuous wayne and the supermodels come out of the helipad elevator . wayne sorry, im late glad you started without me! wheres rachel?! rachel cringes slightly. wayne spots her. wayne contd rachel dawes my oldest friend. when she told me she was dating harvey dent, i had one thing to say... the guy from those godawful campaign commercials? laughter. dent shifts, embarrassed. wayne contd ii believe in harvey dent. nice slogan, harvey. certainly caught rachels attention. but then i started paying attention to harvey, and all hes been doing as our new d.a., and you know what? i believe in harvey dent. on his watch, gotham can feel a little safer. a little more optimistic. so get out your checkbooks and lets make sure that he stays right where all of gotham wants him... raises his glass all except gothams criminals, of course. to the face of gothams bright future harvey dent. dent smiles accepting the toast. int. corridor, mcu evening ramirez catches up to gordon, holding paperwork. ramirez that joker card pinned to the body? forensics found three sets of d.n.a.. gordon any matches? ramirez all three. gordon stops. turns to face her. ramirez contd the d.n.a. belongs to judge surrillo, harvey dent and commissioner loeb. . gordon the jokers telling us who hes targeting get a unit to surrillos house, tell wuertz to find dent get them both into protective custody. wheres the commissioner? ramirez city hall. gordon seal the building. no one in or out till i get there. ext. deck, waynes penthouse evening wayne walks out to the edge of the balcony and looks over gotham. hears someone behind him rachel. rachel harvey may not know you well enough to understand when youre making fun of him. but i do. wayne shakes his head i meant every word. wayne moves closer to rachel. takes her arm. wayne contd the day you once told me about, the day when gotham no longer needs batman. its coming. rachel looks at wayne. conflicted. he moves closer. rachel you cant ask me to wait for that. wayne takes rachels arms, looking at her, excited. wayne its happening now harvey is that hero. he locked up half the citys criminals, and he did it without wearing a mask. gotham needs a hero with a face. dent you can throw a party, wayne, ill give you that. thanks again. mind if i borrow rachel? . rachel glances back at wayne as she moves to dent. wayne watches them head inside. ext. street, gotham heights evening two men in suits knock at a brownstone. the door is opened by judge surrillo. the two men hold up badges. ext. city hall evening gordon enters through a tight police presence at the doors. int. police commissioners office evening gordon enters to find loeb, flanked by armed cops. commissioner loeb gordon, what are you playing at? gordon checks the window. turns to his men. gordon were secure. i want a floorby floor search of the entire building. turns to loeb im sorry, sir. we believe the joker has made a threat against your life. loeb gordon, youre unlikely to discover this for yourself, so take my word the police commissioner earns a lot of threats... loeb pulls a bottle of whisky and a tumbler from a drawer. loeb contd i found the appropriate response to these situations a long time ago... ext. street, gotham heights evening the second man is waiting by the judges car. surrillo gordon wants me to go right now? man these are dangerous people, judge. even we dont know where youre going. he hands surrillo a sealed envelope. opens the car door. . man get in, then open the envelope. itll tell you where youre headed. surrillo climbs in. watches them drive away. she opens the envelope pulls out a sheet of paper. one word on it up. surrillos car explodes, heaving the car upwards on a fireball. a passerby is thrown to the ground. after a moment, burning debris flutters down on him. playing cards. jokers. int. police commissioners office continuous loeb pours himself a glass of whisky. loeb you get to explain to my wife why im late for dinner, lieutenant. gordon sir, the joker card had a trace of your d.n.a. on it a bang at the door. gordon pulls his weapon, then opens it. stephens just the normal number of bad guys in the building and theyre all city employees. heres a list. loeb howd they get my d.n.a.? gordon looks at stephenss list. gordon somebody with access to your house or office mustve lifted a tissue or a glass... gordon, realizing, spins around gordon contd wait but loeb is already choking he drops his tumbler onto the desk the spilled whiskey is smoking, eating into the wood. gordon contd get a medic! . loeb collapses. int. kitchen, wayne penthouse evening dent pulls rachel into the kitchen, away from the crowd. dent you cannot leave me on my own with these people. rachel the whole mobs after you and youre worried about these guys? dent compared to this, the mob doesnt scare me. although, i will say them gunning for you makes you see things clearly. rachel oh, yeah? dent yeah. it makes you think about what you couldnt stand losing. and who you want to spend the rest of your life with... rachel looks at dent. smiles. rachel the rest of your life, huh? thats a pretty big commitment. dent not if the mob has their way. rachel dont. dent okay. lets be serious. whats your answer? rachel looks at him. rachel i dont have an answer. int. living room, penthouse night half the guests are on their cell phones. an assistant da turns to his colleague. . assistant da surrillo and loeb? there is a knock at the front door. alfred opens it find detective wuertz, who holds up his badge. alfred beckons him in there is a shotgun at the back of his head held by the joker purple suit, make up. with friends. the joker smashes wuertz over the head steps over him, racking the shotgun. the joker good evening. were the entertainment. int. kitchen, wayne penthouse night rachel is looking at dent. torn. dent i guess no answer isnt no. rachel im sorry, harvey. i just... dent its someone else, isnt it? wayne is moving up behind him. fast dent contd just tell me its not wayne. the guys a complete rachels eyes go wide as wayne puts dent in a sleeper hold rachel what are you doing?! dent slumps, unconscious in waynes arms. wayne theyve come for him. from the main room a shotgun blast followed by screams. wayne stuffs dent in a closet puts a mop through the handles. rushes past rachel wayne contd stay hidden. int. living room, waynes penthouse night the joker and his thugs pour into the room, weapons raised. . int. hallway, wayne penthouse night a thug appears in front of wayne, toting a shotgun. thug hands up, pretty boy. wayne flips the shotgun around in the mans hands uses it as a fulcrum to snap his forearm smashes him in the jaw with the stock without breaking step, field stripping the shotgun and tossing the pieces in different directions. int. living room, waynes penthouse night the joker moves through the terrified guests. smiling. the joker i only have one question where is harvey dent? silence ill settle for his loved ones... a distinguished gentleman steps into the jokers path. gentleman were not intimidated by thugs. the joker stops. stares at the man. smiles affectionately. the joker you know, you remind me of my father. grabs him i hated my father. the joker has his blade in the gentlemans mouth. rachel stop! the joker drops the gentleman. turns to rachel. the joker hello, beautiful. you must be harveys squeeze. runs his knife across her cheek and you are beautiful. you look nervous its the scars isnt it? wanna know how i got them? i had a wife, beautiful like you. who tells me i worry too much. who says i need to smile more. who gambles. and gets in deep with the sharks. more . the joker contd one day they carve her face, and weve got no money for surgeries. she cant take it. presses knife into her cheek i just want to see her smile again. i just want her to know i dont care about the scars. so i put a razor in my mouth and do this to myself... and you know what? starts laughing she cant stand the sight of me... or crying she leaves! see, now i see the funny side. now im always smiling. int. master bedroom, wayne penthouse night wayne walks in. a couple are hastily putting themselves back together, alerted by the noise. male guest whats going on out there, wayne? wayne doesnt answer. he walks into a closet and pulls at a false wall. wayne steps into the safe room. female guest thank god youve got a panic room. the door slams shut and seals with a hiss. male guest wait! you cant female guest youve got to be kidding me. int. living room, waynes penthouse night the joker raises his knife from rachels cheek. she slugs him. he smiles. the joker a little fight in you. i like that. batman then youre going to love me. the joker turns. batman catches him with a blow, spins him down and disarms him the jokers men jump him batman takes them out two at a time disarming thugs breaking forearms the joker clicks a blade from the toe of his shoe and kicks jabbing between the plates of armor covering batmans ribcage . batman hurls the joker across the room. one of the jokers men lunges batman lays him out cold. the joker has another knife pressed to rachels neck. batman contd drop the knife. the joker sure. just take off your mask and show us all who you are... rachel shakes her head at batman. the joker raises his shotgun to the side and blows out the pane of glass next to him. the joker dangles rachel out the window. batman let her go. the joker laughs very poor choice of words... he lets her drop rachel falls onto a sloping glass roof sliding towards the edge. batman dives after her ext. building night they drop batman fires his grapple, snagging rachels ankle activates one wing of his cape they spin and slow batman envelopes rachel they slam into the hood of a passing taxi. int. taxi continuous the driver screams as batman and rachel hit the roof roll down the windshield onto the pavement. alive. int. car continuous the joker looks back as his car speeds away. hes breathing hard, exhilarated. he touches the blood running down his sweaty white makeup. smacks the back of the drivers seat driver what do we do about dent? the joker im a man of my word. ext. taxi continuous rachel opens her eyes. batman are you alright? . rachel lets not do that again, okay? looks around is harvey? batman hes safe. rachel lies back, breathing. looks up at batman. rachel thank you. int. major crimes unit, gotham central day stephens is talking to gordon, subdued. stephens jim, its over. gordon as long as they dont get to lau, weve cut off their funds. stephens but the prosecutions over. stephens contd noones standing up in front of a judge while judges and police commissioners are getting blown away. gordon what about dent? stephens if hes got any sense, dents halfway to mexico by now. the door bursts open. dent. fire in his eyes. dent so where do you keep your trash? gordon looks at dent. impressed. int. special holding area, mcu, gotham central day lau looks up as dent walks in, holding a bullet proof vest. dent youre due in court i need you alive long enough to get you on the record. . lau no way. you cant protect me you cant even protect yourselves. dent throws the heavy vest at lau. dent refuse to cooperate on the stand you wont be coming back here youll go to county. how long do you calculate youll last in there? int. batbunker day wayne sits at his video screens they all play the jokers video with different image treatments and sound tunings. wayne turns to alfred. indicates the screens. wayne targeting me wont get their money back. i knew the mob wouldnt go down without a fight, but this is different. theyve crossed a line. alfred you crossed it first, sir. youve hammered them, squeezed them to the point of desperation. and now, in their desperation theyve turned to a man they dont fully understand. wayne gets up from his monitors, raises the batcabinet. wayne criminals arent complicated, alfred. we just have to figure out what hes after. alfred respectfully, master wayne, perhaps this is a man you dont fully understand, either. looks at wayne i was in burma. a long time ago. my friends and i were working for the local government. they were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders, bribing them with precious stones. but their caravans were being raided in a forest north of rangoon by a bandit. we were asked to take care of the problem, so we started looking for the stones. more . alfred contd but after six months, we couldnt find anyone who had traded with him. wayne what were you missing? alfred one day i found a child playing with a ruby as big as a tangerine. shrugs the bandit had been throwing the stones away. wayne so why was he stealing them? alfred because he thought it was good sport. because some men arent looking for anything logical, like money... they cant be bought, bullied, reasoned or negotiated with. grave some men just want to watch the world burn. wayne stares at alfred. reaches for the batsuit. ext. skyline of gotham dawn moving over the city we hear myriad radio calls going out over the ether. close in on a lonely figure on top of a skyscraper. the batman. listening with his million dollar earpieces. from the babble, one voice emerges. dispatch o.s. your name, sir. please state voice o.s. th at orchard. youll find harvey dent there. ext. th street at orchard dawn an unmarked and a squad car screech to a halt. gordon and ramirez get out, lead two uniforms into the building. int. apartment, eight ave. continuous the door smashes open, gordon gun drawn takes in the scene. two dead men sitting at the kitchen table. they each have a hand of cards, as if in the middle of a game. all jokers. . gordon and ramirez stare at the crude leers carved into their faces. their drivers licenses are pinned to their chests. voice check the names. gordon checks licenses patrick harvey. richard dent... ramirez harvey dent. batman i need ten minutes with the scene before your men contaminate it. ramirez us contaminate it? its because of you that these guys are dead in the first place gordon ramirez. she stands down. batman moves past the bodies to the wall. finds an embedded stray bullet. he pulls a sawing device from his belt thrusts it into the wall and starts cutting around the bullet. gordon contd thats brick youre gonna try and take ballistics off a shattered bullet? batman no. fingerprints. ramirez looks at gordon. is he serious? gordon points gordon whatever youre gonna do, do it fast, cos we know his next target... batman looks a campaign poster reelect mayor garcia. the mayors image has a manic clowns grin and ha,ha,ha. int. foxs office, wayne enterprises day fox is at his desk. reese enters. fox what can i do for you, mr. reese? . reese you asked me to do the diligence on the l.s.i. holdings deal again. i found irregularities. fox their ceo is in police custody. reese not with their numbers. with yours. a whole division of wayne industries disappeared, overnight. so i went down to the archives and started pulling old files. he pulls out a folded blueprint. slides it across the desk. reese contd my kids love the batman. i thought he was pretty cool, too. out there, kicking some ass. fox picks up the piece of paper. unfolds it. its an old blueprint. the image is unmistakable the tumbler. reese contd changes things when you know its just a rich kid playing dress up. reese points to the approval box in the corner of the page. reese contd your project. dont tell me you didnt recognize your baby pancaking cop cars on the evening news. now youre getting sloppy. applied sciences was a small, dead department whod notice? but now youve got the entire r and d department burning cash, claiming its related to cell phones for the army. what are you building him now? a rocket ship? i want ten million a year. for the rest of my life. fox looks at him. even. folds up the blueprint. fox let me get this straight. you think that your client, one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating more . fox contd criminals to a pulp with his bare hands... deadpan and now your plan is to blackmail this person? reese stares at fox. who smiles. and slides the blueprint across the desk. fox contd good luck. reese looks at it. then at fox. swallows. slides it back. int. batbunker day wayne hands alfred a rifle bullet scribed with a grid. he slots it into a clip, then loads it into a computer controlled gattling gun. he puts on ear protectors. hits a button. the rifle whirs to life dollying sideways, blasting bullets into a series of identical brick wall samples. alfred im not sure you made it loud enough, sir. as the wall samples still smoke, wayne steps up, carrying the sample from the crime scene. comparing its spread to the new samples, he selects two and carries them to an xray scanner. the machine gives the samples a axis scan hires d images of the bullet fragment arrays come up on the screen... int. applied sciences division day the same image of the bullet fragment on a screen. fox hits a key and the computer reassembles the bullets according to the identifying grid on each fragment. fox heres your original scan... reese a bullet fragment array pops on screen. fox heres it reverseengineered... fox hits a button and the unmarked bullet fragments are reassembled. wayne spins the roughlyshaped bullet puzzle . wayne and heres a thumb print. fox looks at the screen, impressed. thinks. fox ill make you a copy. troubled mr. wayne, did you reassign r and d? wayne yes. government telecommunications project. fox i wasnt aware we had any new government contracts. can you wayne lucius. im playing this one pretty close to the chest. fox fair enough. fox looks at wayne as he leaves. uneasy. int. batbunker continuous intercut wayne examines the fingerprint wayne ive run it through all the databases and came up with four possibles. wayne gets up to let alfred sit. wayne contd crossreference the addresses. look for parkside and around. wayne opens a hydraulic door, revealing a gleaming mv augusta brutale. as he moves the bike onto the lift... alfred got one. melvin white, aggravated assault, moved to arkham twice randolph apartments, just off state wayne overlooking the parade. wayne and the bike rise on the lift. . ext. parkside avenue day the avenue has been blocked off. onlookers line the sidewalks. police march past in dress uniform. engel does a standup on the sidewalk. engel with no word from the batman even as they mourn commissioner loeb, these cops have to be wondering if the joker is going to make good on his threat to kill the mayor today... on the buildings above, police snipers scan the crowd. gordon keys his radio gordon hows it looking up top? police sniper were tight. but frankly... theres a lot of windows up here. gordon looks up at the myriad buildings overlooking the podium. ext. gotham streets continuous wayne maneuvers the ducati through the traffic. he pulls up near a parade barricade dismounts and slips into an alley. int. tenement continuous some of the buildings hardluck tenants eye wayne as he counts doors down the hallway. he finds ... ext. parkside avenue later a sea of police fills the avenue. in the center, three grieving families and an honor guard. the mayor at the podium. gordon behind. dent is seated with rachel. mayor ...and as we recognize the sacrifice of these officers, we must remember that vigilance is the price of safety. int. tenement continuous wayne enters eight men in undershirts, bound, gagged, blindfolded. a sniper scope on a tripod at the window. wayne moves to the first man, rips the tape from his mouth. . man breathing hard took... they took our guns, our uniforms... ext. parkside avenue continuous gordon scans the crowd. the mayor wraps up the honor guard steps forward, raises weapons... ext. rooftop overlooking parkside continuous a police sniper scans the windows of the tenement... int. tenement continuous wayne races to the window, looks through the scope to see ext. state street continuous the honor guard turn their weapons on the mayor. one smiles, fleshcolored makeup over his scars. the joker. gordon leaps forward they fire gordon takes shots to the back as he slams the mayor to the ground ext. rooftop overlooking parkside continuous the police sniper spots wayne at the window shoots int. tenement continuous wayne ducks as shots erupt around the window ext. parkside continuous pandemonium eruptsone of the honor guard is tagged in the leg goes down. the others melt into the chaos. on the podium, stephens rolls gordon over... he is not moving. ext. side street off parkside moments later chaos. dent approaches an ambulance sitting in the alley. two cops jump out and run over to their commander. dent steps up into the back. int. ambulance continuous the jokers thug sits there. handcuffed. a paramedic bandages his leg. cops run past, barking orders. . dent tell me what you know about the joker. the jokers thug looks at dent. smirks. dent looks down. exasperated. looks back up at the jokers thug. spots something moves closer the mans uniform... his name tag... officer rachel dawes. dent, breathing hard, looks around the paramedic jumps out, rushing to help a fallen officer. dent spies the keys in the ignition. jumps into the drivers seat... ext. gordons house dusk barbara gordon stands in the doorway, scared. stephens and a uniformed officer stand in front of her. stephens im sorry, barbara. james gordon pushes past his mother to look at stephens. barbara tries to push him back inside. barbara jimmy, go play with your sister... james stays just inside the door. stephens im sorry. barbara stares at stephens. then looks past him. barbara are you out there?! are you?! james spots something batman, perched in the shadows. barbara contd you brought this on us! this craziness! you did! you brought this...! she collapses into stephenss arms. batman hangs his head. ext. roof, mcu night detectives from mcu stand around the lit batsignal. stephens switch it off he aint coming. more . stephens contd he doesnt want to talk to us. god help whoever he does want to talk to int. nightclub night strobe lights. pounding music. maroni is in a booth at the side with his mistress. his bodyguards are around the table. mistress shouting over music cant we go someplace quieter! we cant hear each other talk! maroni i dont wanna hear you talk. mistress cant hear what?! one of maronis bodyguards drops maroni looks over in the strobe lights batman savages his bodyguards people run, terrified. maroni starts to get out of his seat batman lands like a panther on the table in front of him int. mcu night rachel moves through the chaotic bullpen at mcu eyewitnesses, civilian and cop are being questioned. rachels phone rings. rachel harvey, where are you?! intercut with dent in an indistinct interior setting. dent where are you? rachel where you should be at major crimes trying to sort through all the dent rachel, listen to me. youre not safe there. rachel this is gordons unit, harvey dent gordons gone, rachel. . rachel he vouched for these men dent and hes gone. the jokers named you next. rachel looks around the bullpen. eyeing the detectives. dent contd rachel, i cant let anything happen to you. i love you too much. is there someone, anyone in this city we can trust? rachel bruce. we can trust bruce wayne. dent rachel, i know hes your friend but rachel trust me, harvey, bruces penthouse is now the safest place in the city. dent okay. go straight there. dont tell anyone where youre going. ill find you there. wider shows us we are int. basement, condemned building continuous dent i love you. dent hangs up the phone. taped to a chair in front of dent the jokers thug, blindfolded. dent rips off the blindfold... ext. fire escape night maroni opens his eyes. batman is holding him by the collar. batman i want the joker. maroni looks down from one professional to another if youre trying to scare someone, pick a better spot. from this height the fall wouldnt kill me. . batman im counting on it. batman lets go. maroni falls. and screams. ext. sidewalk night maroni nails the pavement. clutches at his leg, which is badly broken. batman flies down, landing over him hauls him up. maroni hollers in pain. batman where is he? maroni dont know, he found us batman he must have friends. maroni friends? you met this guy? batman someone knows where he is. maroni looks up at batman. sneering. maroni no ones gonna tell you anything theyre wise to your act you got rules... the joker, hes got no rules. no ones gonna cross him for you. you want this guy, you got one way. and you already know what that is. just take off that mask and let him come find you. batman drops maroni. maroni contd or you want to let a couple more people get killed while you make up your mind? int. basement, condemned building night dent shows the jokers thug a gun. bullets. loads the gun. shoves it in his face dent you wanna play games? dent pushes the gun against the thugs head with real malice. pulls it away and fires. the thug flinches. . dent puts the gun barrel against the thugs temple jokers thug rattled you wouldnt... and pulls his lucky coin out of his pocket. dent no. i wouldnt. thats why im not going to leave it up to me. shows him coin heads you get to keep your head. tails... not so lucky. so, you want to tell me about the joker? the thug, scared, says nothing. dent flicks the coin into the air. slaps it onto the back of his gun hand aiming with wrist horizontal. dent shows him the coin. heads. the thug exhales, shaking. dent contd go again? jokers thug sobbing i dont know anything! dent youre not playing the odds, friend. dent tosses the coin again. this time it doesnt land. dent looks up. batman is there. batman youd leave a mans life to chance? dent not exactly. batman his names schiff, thomas. hes a paranoid schizophrenic, a former patient at arkham. the kind of mind the joker attracts. batman moves away from schiff. batman contd what do expect to learn from him? dent is shivering with frustration. . dent the joker killed gordon and, and loeb. hes going to kill rachel... batman youre the symbol of hope that i could never be. your stand against organized crime is the first legitimate ray of light in gotham for decades. if anyone saw this, everything would be undone all the criminals you got off the streets would be released. and jim gordon will have died for nothing. batman hands dent his lucky coin. batman contd youre going to call a press conference. tomorrow morning. dent why? batman no one else will die because of me. gotham is in your hands, now. dent you cant! you cant give in! but batman is gone. int. bedroom, wayne penthouse night rachel watches gotham through the window. wayne enters. rachel harvey called. he says batman is going to turn himself in. wayne i have no choice. rachel you honestly think its going to stop the joker from killing? wayne perhaps not. but ive got enough blood on my hands. ive seen, now, what i would have to become to stop men like him. rachel looks at wayne. she cannot help him. . wayne contd you once told me that if the day came when i was finished... wayne moves towards her. wayne contd wed be together. rachel bruce, dont make me your one hope for a normal life wayne takes her in his arms. wayne but did you mean it? rachel yes. they kiss. then separate. she looks sadly into his eyes. rachel contd but they wont let us be together after you turn yourself in. wayne nods. leaves. she watches him go. int. batbunker dawn alfred shovels documents into an incinerator blueprints, designs, files. he pauses, looking down at a book. alfred even the logs? wayne anything that could lead back to lucius or rachel. alfred tosses the book onto the fire. stares at wayne. wayne contd people are dying, alfred. what would you have me do? alfred looks into waynes eyes with a fearsome gaze. alfred endure, master wayne. take it. theyll hate you for it, but thats the point of batman... he can be the outcast. he can make the choice no one else can face. the right choice. . wayne shakes his head. wayne today ive found out what batman cant do. he cant endure this. rueful smile today you get to say ii told you so. alfred today, i dont want to. beat although i did bloody tell you. wayne sinks the batsuit, alfred closes the incinerator. they head for the lift. alfred contd i suppose theyll lock me up as well. your accomplice. wayne accomplice? im going to tell them the whole thing was your idea. they power down, leaving the batbunker in darkness. int. press room, superior court day a capacity crowd of reporters, cops, and public. dent is at the podium. wayne sits in the crowd. dent ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming. ive called this press conference for two reasons. firstly, to assure the citizens of gotham that everything that can be done over the joker killing is being done. secondly, because the batman has offered to turn himself in the crowd reacts heckler so where is he?! dent but first. lets consider the situation should we give in to this terrorists demands? do we really think that . reporter youd rather protect an outlaw vigilante than the lives of citizens?! the crowd noisily assents. dent calmly motions quiet. dent the batman is an outlaw... int. wayne penthouse continuous rachel is watching the press conference on tv. dent o.s. but thats not why were demanding he turn himself in. were doing it because were scared. weve been happy to let batman clean up our streets for us until now int. press room, superior court continuous heckler things are worse than ever! wayne looks at the heckler. at the angry crowd. dent leans over the podium. impassioned. dent yes. they are. but the night is darkest just before the dawn. and i promise you, the dawn is coming. the crowd quiets one day, the batman will have to answer for the laws hes broken but to us, not to this madman. the crowd seems moved by his words, then, a chant cop heckler no more dead cops!! appreciative noise. reporter where is the batman? people take up the chant. dent has lost them. he knows it. dent so be it. turns to officers take the batman into custody. at this, a hush descends. wayne is sitting towards the back. . hungry eyes scan the room. wayne starts to rise... dent offers his own wrists to the officers dent contd i am the batman. a beat. wayne stares. int. wayne penthouse continuous rachel stares as dent is arrested on tv. appalled. int. wayne penthouse day rachel comes up to alfred. upset. rachel why is he letting harvey do this, alfred? alfred i dont know. he went down to the press conference rachel and just stood by?! alfred perhaps both bruce and mr. dent believe that batman stands for something more important than a terrorists whims, miss dawes, even if everyone hates him for it. dent thats the sacrifice hes making to not be a hero. to be something more. rachel well, youre right about one thing letting harvey take the fall is not heroic. rachel holds out an envelope. rachel contd you know bruce best, alfred... give it to him when the time is right. alfred how will i know? rachel its not sealed. . alfred takes the envelope. rachel gives him a kiss. rachel contd goodbye, alfred. alfred goodbye, rachel. int. cell, mcu evening a detective unlocks the cell and lets rachel inside. dent im sorry, i didnt have time to talk this through with you. rachel dont offer yourself as bait, harvey. dent theyre transferring me to central holding. this is the jokers chance, and when he attacks, batman will take him down. rachel no. this is too dangerous the detective knocks. dent rises. ext. courtyard mcu evening detectives stare at dent as he is led, shackled, to the waiting convoy. stephens begins clapping a handful join in, but most remain silent. rachel follows him to the back of an armored vehicle. rachel hes using you as bait but he doesnt know if he can get the joker hes failed so far. dent how do you know what hes thinking? rachel beat i just do, okay? harvey, this isnt just about you, what about all the people counting on you to turn this city around? tell everyone the truth dent kisses her. pulls out his lucky coin . dent heads i go through with it. rachel this is your life... you dont leave something like this to chance... dent tosses it at her rachel catches it. looks. heads. dent sincere im not. she turns it over it is doubleheaded. she looks up the doors close on his smile. she shakes her head. torn. rachel you make your own luck. as swats file into the back of the support vehicles acting comissioner we get this guy to county and hes their problem. the streets along your route will be cleared. the convoy stops for no reason... int. armored car continuous a swat with a shotgun climbs into the cab. pulls on his mask. looks over at the driver, whos already wearing his. shotgun swat hope youve got some moves. ext. tenth avenue, downtown continuous the convoy rockets past a roadblock. int. armored car continuous the swats are staring at dent, fascinated. he smiles. ext. intersection continuous an officer holding up traffic. a truck pulls up. officer you wait like everybody else, pal. a shotgun blast sends the officer flying. a second blast illuminates the shooters face the joker. . int. lead patrol car, convoy continuous the swat behind the wheel of the lead blackandwhite slows as he sees something burning in the intersection ahead. ext. avenue continuous overhead, a police helicopter checks the route, hovering above a burning fire truck, blocking the road. int. armored car continuous the driver is all business. the radio crackles. radio all units, be advised. all units will exit down cheviot west and proceed north on lower th avenue. shotgun swat lower th? well be like ducks in a barrel down there. ext. surface streets continuous the convoy disappears down the exit ramp. ext. lower fifth avenue night the convoy rolls through the subterranean streets. a garbage truck pulls up behind and casually swipes the rear vehicles of the convoy off the road... int. armored car continuous shotgun swat get us out of here! the driver nails the gas ext. lower fifth continuous the garbage truck pushes hard on the armored car, ramming its rear bumper, forcing it forward. int. armored car night the driver watches the truck fill his rear view. shotgun swat picks up the radio. shotgun swat weve got company back here . ext. lower fifth avenue night a second truck smashes into the swat van at the head of the convoy, smashing it through the concrete barriers and into the river. the truck is branded laughter but an s has been sprayed at the front to make slaughter with ha, ha, ha all over the side... the jokers truck dodges between the support columns and into the oncoming lane pulls alongside the armored car. the driver looks over. the cargo door on the truck slides open. inside, the joker, holding a machine gun. the armored car locks up its brakes, but the garbage truck pushes it forward as the joker fires bullets slamming into the side of the vehicle int. rear cabin, armored car continuous dent is calm as the swats flinch from the bullet indentations int. up front, armored car continuous shotgun swat stares at the joker. int. rear trailer of truck night the joker drops his machine gun and picks up an rpg. he stops sees something up ahead, racing towards the second truck the batmobile. the joker stares, fascinated, as ext. lower fifth continuous the batmobile plows straight into the second truck the low profile car sending the truck up into the concrete ceiling the batmobile carries on through, as the truck disintegrates. int. truck night the joker looks back to the batmobile, amused. jokers thug is that him? the joker anyone could be driving that thing stay on dent. the joker lines up his rpg and prepares to fire . int. armored car continuous shotgun swats eyes go wide at the jokers weapon the driver jams the brakes ext. lower fifth continuous the armored car crashes back against the garbage truck, braking, scraping, slowing just enough the rpg slams into the squad car in front of them and explodes the armored car bursts through the fireball and continues. ext. lower fifth continuous the batmobile spins around to rejoin the pursuit. int. jokers truck night the joker turns his men to reload his rpg the joker do me up turns back levels his rpg out the window. aims. int. batmobile night batman watches as the joker prepares to fire. several rows of cars separate them. he toggles the afterburner. int. passenger car night two small children in the back of the car watch as the batmobile rockets overhead. ext. lower level street night the joker steadies the rpg and fires the batmobile crashes down into the open space between the two vehicles taking the hit from the rpg which explodes the rear of the batmobile explodes spinning the flaming car int. armored car night swats react to the explosion. dent is calm. int. cab of jokers truck continuous the driver takes a debris hit to the head int. truck continuous the joker cackles with delight as he is thrown around the rear of the trailer . int. batmobile continuous batman wrestles the pod controls, spinning on the gyro ext. lower level street continuous the batmobile flips over to come to rest in a smoking heap the front end intact, rear wheels scattered across the roadway. a small crowd gathers. ext. lower level street continuous the joker jumps down from the truck, still giggling like a kid looks back at the batmobiles destruction the joker whoever he was... he aint now. the joker yanks his dead driver out of the cab, jumps over him to take the wheel and pull back onto the roadway. ext. lower level street continuous the armored car pulls ahead, the jokers truck in hot pursuit. int. armored car continuous shotgun swat glances in the rear view mirror, slaps the dash shotgun swat lets get topside we need that air support! ext. lower level street continuous the armored car pulls onto a ramp, heading up. the jokers truck follows. ext. lower level street continuous people stare at the smoking wreck, inching closer... int. batmobile continuous batman adjusts his position. hits a button batmobile voice damage catastrophic. initiate eject and selfdestruct. arm guards grab batmans forearms as explosive bolts fire all around the pod... batmobile voice contd goodbye. . ext. lower level street continuous the crowd jumps panels of the front of the car blow out the crowd stares, openmouthed, as batman emerges, hoisted up and out of the flaming car by the front pod levering over the front wheel... the pod pushes the other wheel in front to form a type of motorcycle the batpod shoots forward, bursting free as the batmobile detonates, dying in a massive fireball... batmans cape sucks together, forming a tight pack on his shoulders, clear of the churning rear tire of the batpod... ext. parkside continuous the armored car races down the street the chopper dips low. pilot were back on point and ready to give some of their own medicine int. police chopper continuous cop pulls out an assault rifle. cocks it int. cab of jokers truck continuous the joker fights with the trucks gearbox, turns to his thug the joker tee em up. the thug grabs his radio. ext. fire escape continuous a joker thug in clown mask loads up the cable gun seen in the bank heist. ext. second fire escape continuous another thug loads his own cable gun... int. passenger car, lower level street night a motorist stares through his rearview mirror, transfixed, as the batpod tears past. he yelps as the batpod smashes the wing mirror from his car. ext. lower level street night batman accelerates, oblivious to the staccato of cleaved wing mirrors as the batpod razors through traffic crosses a busy intersection the batpod cuts off the crowded lower level street, roaring over into the parking lanes . batman squeezes his triggers blasting at parked cars, blowing them out of the way, literally cannoning a path for the pod... ext. train station continuous the batpod cannons through the glass doors and races through the stationmall commuters screaming and diving out of the way the batpod races up the stairs and onto the upper street ext. parkside continuous the jokers thugs fire the cables across the street at seventh floor level... they pull taut as the chopper approaches, unawares... the chopper catches on the cables, going down in a fiery ball that barrels along the street towards the armored car... int. armored car continuous the driver steers around the flaming wreckage as the shotgun swat shuts his eyes ext. narrow alley continuous the batpod tears down a narrow alley blocked with dumpsters cannons the dumpsters to make a path int. cab of jokers truck night the joker hands the wheel to his man takes a submachine gun thug boss? the joker looks ahead to see the batpod emerge from the alley in a cloud of fire, skidding sideways impossibly it races towards them the joker guess it was him. ext. parkside night the batpod races straight at the jokers truck fires a harpoon at the jokers truck it impacts low, below the bumper int. truck continuous the jokers thug ducks, then comes back up, beaming. jokers thug he missed! . ext. parkside continuous batman swerves past the jokers truck, slaloms, wrapping the cables around a lamp post, spinning to a halt to watch... ext. parkside continuous the cable goes taut, ripping one post from its foundation the trucks front wheels catch, flipping it end over end... the joker crawls from the wreckage. he jumps over the median and starts waving his pistol at oncoming traffic. batman guns the batpod and rides it up and over the median. int. armored car night the driver slows the car, pulls to the side. shotgun swat what the hell are you doing? ext. parkside night the joker walks towards the batpod, which speeds towards him. he is firing his gun randomly at the oncoming traffic. the joker hit me. come on. hit me. batman watches as the joker holds out his arms. waiting for impact. there is no room to go around him. batman locks up the brakes. the joker watches as batman dumps the bike, rather than smashing into him. batman slams into the wall. the jokers thug reach batman first. he is unconscious. the first thug pulls at the mask. an electric shock from the batsuit throws him back. the joker laughs. flicks his switchblade. crouches voice drop it. the joker just give me a second. the gun is cocked. the joker drops the knife. sits. looks back. behind them is the armored car. the man standing over him is the driver. he pulls off his helmet. its jim gordon. back from the dead. . gordon we got you, you son of a bitch. int. armored car moments later dent looks up as the door swings open to reveal gordon. dent grins. dent lieutenant, you do like to play it pretty close to the chest... gordon we got him, harvey. dent nods. respect in his eyes. they shake hands. ext. parkside night a small army of cops have sealed off the roadway. gordon pulls away in the squad car containing the joker. reporters clamor for an interview with dent, who is being helped out of the van by the swats. ramirez pushes through the pack, shoving reporters aside. ramirez let him be! hes been through enough dent follows ramirez to a squad car wuertz is in the drivers seat. dent smiles at ramirez as she opens the rear door. dent thanks, detective ive got a date with a pretty upset fiance. ramirez i figured, counselor. ramirez shuts the door on dent. signals wuertz to pull out. int. holding, mcu, gotham central night the joker sits in a holding cage. his makeup has run, his clothes a mess but his calm lends him an odd dignity. cops smash their night sticks against the bars near the jokers head. the joker does not flinch. gordon stand away! all of you. i dont want anything for his mob lawyer to use, understand? handle this guy like hes made of glass. the mayor walks in. shakes gordons hand. . mayor back from the dead. gordon i couldnt chance my familys safety. the mayor looks over at the joker in his cage. mayor what do we got? gordon nothing. no matches on prints, dna, dental. clothing is custom, no labels. nothing in his pockets but knives and lint. no name, no other alias... nothing. mayor go home, gordon. the clownll keep till morning. get some rest youre going to need it. tomorrow, you take the big job. off look you dont have any say in the matter. louder, for all commissioner gordon. the cops in m.c.u. start cheering. ext. gordon home night gordon rings the bell. barbara answers it, dressed in black. gordon couldnt tell you. i couldnt risk she slaps gordon. he grabs her, holds her tight as she sobs. int. holding, mcu, gotham central night the jokers men are processed. in the harsh light, the men look a little ridiculous in their clown makeup. detective murphy turns to stephens. detective murphy look at these ugly bastards. one of the men, walks over, clutching at his belly. fat thug i dont feel good. . detective murphy youre a cop killer. youre lucky to be feeling anything below the neck. alone in his cage, the joker smiles at this. int. kids bedroom, gordon home night gordon crouches by his sons beside. he reaches out to touch james jrs cheek. jamess eyes open. staring at his dad as if still dreaming. james whispers did batman save you, dad? gordon looks at his son. a little pride seeps in. gordon actually, this time i saved him. gordons phone rings int. major crimes unit, gotham central night gordon pushes through the swarm of detectives crowded into the observation room. the joker can be seen through the glass, as well as on a large monitor. sitting there. calm. gordon has he said anything, yet? ramirez shakes her head. gordon pushes through a door... int. interrogation, mcu, gotham central night the joker, in near darkness. gordon walks in. sits. the joker evening, commissioner. gordon harvey dent never made it home. the joker of course not. gordon what have you done with him? the joker laughs me? i was right here. more . the joker contd who did you leave him with? your people? assuming, of course, that they are your people not maronis... off look does it depress you, lieutenant, to know how alone you are? gordon cant help glancing at the mounted camera. the joker contd does it make you feel responsible for harvey dents current predicament? gordon where is he? the joker what time is it? gordon what difference does that make? the joker depending on the time, he might be in one spot. smiles or several. gordon stands. moves to the joker. undoes his handcuffs. gordon if were going to play games, im going to need a cup of coffee. the joker the good cop, bad cop routine? gordon pauses, hand on the doorknob. gordon not exactly. gordon steps out. the overhead lights come on. batman is behind him. the joker blinks in the harsh white light. wham! the jokers face hits the table comes up for air crack! crack! to the head. batman is in front of him. the joker stares, fascinated. bleeding. the joker never start with the head... victim gets fuzzy. cant feel the next . crack! batmans fist smacks down on the jokers fingers. the joker contd calm see? batman you wanted me. here i am. the joker i wanted to see what youd do. and you didnt disappoint... laughs you let five people die. then you let dent take your place. even to a guy like me... thats cold batman wheres dent? the joker those mob fools want you gone so they can get back to the way things were. but i know the truth theres no going back. youve changed things. forever. batman then why do you want to kill me? the joker starts laughing. after a moment hes laughing so hard it sounds like sobbing. the joker kill you? i dont want to kill you. what would i do without you? go back to ripping off mob dealers? no you... points you. complete. me. batman youre garbage who kills for money. the joker dont talk like one of them youre not, even if youd like to be. to them youre a freak like me... they just need you right now. he regards batman with something approaching pity. the joker contd but as soon as they dont, theyll cast you out like a leper. . the joker looks into batmans eyes. searching. the joker contd their morals, their code... its a bad joke. dropped at the first sign of trouble. theyre only as good as the world allows them to be. youll see ill show you... when the chips are down, these civilized people... theyll eat each other. grins see, im not a monster... im just ahead of the curve. batman grabs the joker and pulls him upright. int. observation room, mcu, gotham central night one of the detectives moves for the door. gordon stops him. gordon hes in control. int. interrogation room, mcu, gotham central night batman hoists the joker up by the neck. batman wheres dent? the joker you have these rules. and you think theyll save you. batman i have one rule. the joker then thats the one youll have to break. to know the truth. batman which is? the joker smiles the only sensible way to live in this world is without rules. tonight youre going to break your one rule... batman leans in to the joker. batman im considering it. . the joker there are just minutes left so, youll have to play my little game if you want to save... with relish ...one of them. batman them? the joker for a while i thought you really were dent, the way you threw yourself after her batman drops the joker rips up a bolteddown chair int. observation room, mcu, gotham central night gordon moves for the door int. observation room, mcu continuous batman jams the chair under the doorknob picks up the joker and hurls him into the twoway glass. the glass spiders. int. interrogation room, mcu, gotham central night the joker, bleeding from nose and mouth, laughs at batman. the joker look at you go... does harvey know about you and his? the joker smashes into the wall slides to the floor. batman stands over him, a man possessed batman where are they?! he grabs the joker, holding him close the joker killing is making a choice... batman punches the joker across the face. hard. batman where are they?! the joker feeds off batmans anger. loving it. the joker ...you choose one life over the other. more . the joker contd your friend, the district attorney. or his blushing bridetobe. batman punches the joker again. the joker laughs. the joker contd you have nothing. nothing to threaten me with. nothing to do with all your strength... spits a tooth but dont worry, im going to tell you where they are. both of them, and thats the point youll have to choose. the batman stares at the joker... the joker contd hes at nd boulevard. and shes on avenue x at cicero. batman drops him. int. observation room, mcu, gotham central night batman races past gordon. gordon which one are you batman dent knew the risks. gordon looks back the joker is bloody, but grinning. ext. mcu, gotham central night several cops see batman climb onto the batpod and tear off. ext. streets, gotham night batman swerves into oncoming traffic, chaos in his wake. ext. gotham central night gordon and his men scramble into their cars... int. basement apartment night black. rachel can anyone hear me? . harvey dent opens his eyes. hes bound to a chair in a dingy, unfurnished basement apartment. dent rachel? rachel is that you? rachel sobbing harvey. youre ok. i thought... her voice is coming from a speakerphone on the floor. dent its ok, rachel. everythings going to be just fine. he looks around. behind him, metal barrels, hooked up to a car battery, with a timer counting down five minutes. int. interrogation room, mcu, gotham central night the joker sits, smiling, content. stephens guards the door. the joker i want my phone call. stephens thats nice. the joker how many of your friends have i killed? stephens im a twenty year man. i can tell the difference between punks who need a little lesson in manners, and the freaks like you who would just enjoy it. quiet and you killed six of my friends. int. holding area, mcu, gotham central night the fat thug shuffles to the bars, where a cop stands guard. fat thug agony please. my insides hurt. cop step away from the bars. . fat thug the boss said he would make the voices go away. he said he would go inside and replace them with bright lights. like christmas. cop thats great. please step the fat thug collapses. the cop grabs his radio. int. warehouse night rachel is bound to a chair. behind her are barrels identical to the ones behind dent. dent can you move your chair? rachel no. harvey, we dont have much time the timer connected to the bomb reads .... .... int. basement apartment night dent drags his chair, inching closer to the barrels. dent look for something to free yourself. the chair jams against a ridge in the floor. dent strains to reach the timer. inches shy. rachel they said only one of us was going to make it. that theyd let our... pause our friends choose... dent strains... the chair, and dent, topple over knocking over a barrel. rachel contd harvey? whats happening? dent, one side of his face pressed against the bare floor, watches the open barrel spew diesel fuel around him dent nothing. im trying to... dent contorts his head to keep from swallowing any. . ext. streets, gotham night the batpod skids sideways, wheels flipping as the gyro keeps batman upright on the tumbling bike it comes to rest guns lined up with a fire exit blows the door off its hinges jumps off the bike ext. nd street, gotham night gridlock. gordon swerves onto the sidewalk. people scatter. int. interrogation room, mcu, gotham central night the joker sits like a kid kept after class. he smiles. the joker you know why i use a knife, detective? guns are too quick. you dont get to savor all the little emotions. see, in their last moments, people show you who they really are... stephens tries hard to ignore him. it isnt working. the joker contd so, in a way, i knew your friends better than you ever did. smiles would you like to know which of them were really cowards? stephens rolls up sleeves i know youre going to enjoy this. but im going to enjoy it more. stephens punches the joker in the gut. int. basement apartment night dent is half submerged in diesel fuel. rachel harvey, in case... i want you to know something... dent chokes, his emotions overwhelming him. dent dont think like that, rachel. theyre coming for you. rachel i know, but i dont want them to... . int. warehouse night rachel looks at the timer. ten seconds left. rachel i dont want to live without you. because i do have an answer, and my answer is yes... int. holding area, mcu, gotham central night a medic cuts away the fat thugs shirt his belly has large incision, which has been closed with crude looking stitches medic hes got some kind of... contusion... a rectangular shape is visible under the skin above his navel. int. detectives room, mcu, gotham central night stephens shuffles out into the room, a piece of broken glass held to his throat by the joker. cops draw their weapons. stephens this is my own damn fault. just shoot him. detective murphy what do you want? the joker i want my phone call. the detectives look at each other. one of them pulls out his cell phone. tosses it to the joker, who begins to dial. int. holding area, mcu, gotham central night the medic gingerly presses the rectangle. it illuminates, a soft blue light visible through the skin. cop is that a... phone? int. detectives room, mcu, gotham central night the joker presses send. at the end of the room, the door to the holding area explodes int. hallway, tenement night batman sprints down the hall stops at a door kicks it . ext. nd street, gotham night cars pull up gordon gets out, carrying a fire ax int. hallway, tenement night batman kicks the door gives batman smashes it open int. basement apartment night batman bursts through the door dent looks up in horror dent no! not me... why did you come for me?! batman stares at dent. the joker lied. the counter hits seconds. batman drags dent out dent fights to stay dent contd rachel! rachel harvey? harvey, its okay... dent rachel!!! ext. nd street, gotham night gordon, axe in hand, runs towards the entrance int. warehouse night rachel can hear dent. the counter runs out. rachel calm somewhere an explosion. allconsuming. ext. nd street, gotham night the blast hurls gordon backward onto the hood of his car the entire warehouse is an enormous explosion int. basement apartment night batman wraps his cape around dent and hurls them both through the door. dent is screaming . ext. nd street, gotham night gordon picks himself up. the warehouse is an inferno. he heads for it anyway. five of his men have to restrain him. ext. alleyway, gotham night a second explosion batman covers dent as the fireball hits them igniting the diesel soaking dents left side he starts burning. and stops screaming. batman rolls dent on the wet pavement... dent sizzles. silent. int. special holding area, mcu, gotham central night the joker walks to the bars of another cell. grins. the joker hello there. in his cell. terrified. lau. ext. ambulance continuous dent is wheeled into an ambulance, bandages held to his face. his one visible eye stares blankly, oblivious to the panic ext. nd street continuous gordon watches the fire. debris blows across the asphalt. gordon picks up two pieces singed joker cards. in place of the jokers face is a photo of lau. a police sergeant approaches. sergeant dents alive, jim. just. but back at m.c.u.... the jokers gone... gordon with lau? the cop nods the joker planned to be caught. he wanted me to lock him up in m.c.u.. ext. street, downtown gotham dawn a squad car blazes down the street. the joker sticks his head out the window like a dog, feeling the wind... int. kitchen, wayne penthouse dawn alfred sits at a table reading the letter from rachel. . rachel v.o. dear bruce, i need to explain... ext. nd street dawn water. smoldering blackness. the fire crews extinguish the last flames of the devastated building. a fireman nudges his colleague, pointing out something in the devastation... rachel v.o. ...i need to be honest and clear. im going to marry harvey dent... int. intensive care unit dawn glimpses of dents damaged face as surgeons surround him. rachel v.o. i love him, i want to spend the rest of my life with him... ext. nd street dawn the firemen watch a statuelike figure amidst the charred ruins. the batman. rachel v.o. when i told you that if gotham no longer needed batman we could be together, i meant it... int. mcu, gotham central day gordon surveys the wreckage of mcu. the bodies. rachel v.o. but im not sure the day will come... ext. nd street dawn batman bends to the ground on one knee, his black glove spread against the smoldering debris. rachel v.o. ...when you no longer need batman. i hope it does, and if it does i will be there... he spots something. dents twoheaded coin. blackened, scarred. batman turns it over. the other side is pristine. int. kitchen, wayne penthouse dawn alfred reads. . rachel v.o. ...but as your friend. im sorry to let you down... int. hospital room dawn dent, heavily bandaged, hooked up to various machines. batman stands at the foot of his bed. watching. rachel v.o. if you lose your faith in me, please keep your faith in people... batman im sorry, harvey. batman puts dents damaged coin on the bedside table. int. kitchen, wayne penthouse continuous rachel v.o. love, now and always, rachel. alfred finishes the letter. tears in his eyes, he folds it back into its envelope. places it on the breakfast tray. int. wayne penthouse dawn alfred moves through the silent space, stepping past the cowl and gauntlets lying on the cold marble. he approaches wayne, halfundressed, slumped in a chair, watching gotham. alfred i prepared a little breakfast. nothing. alfred sets down the tray. the envelope is propped against the silver teapot. alfred contd very well. wayne alfred? alfred yes, master wayne? wayne turns, a desperate look in his eye. wayne did i bring this on us? on her? i thought i would inspire good, not madness . alfred you have inspired good. but you spat in the face of gothams criminals didnt you think there might be casualties? things were always going to have to get worse before they got better. wayne but rachel, alfred... alfred rachel believed in what you stood for. what we stand for. wayne looks up at alfred. alfred picks up the cowl. alfred contd gotham needs you. wayne gotham needs its hero. and i let the joker blow him half to hell alfred which is why for now, theyll have to make do with you. alfred hands him the cowl. wayne looks at him. wayne she was going to wait for me. dent doesnt know. he can never know... alfred glances at the envelope. takes it off the tray. wayne contd whats that? alfred it can wait. alfred puts the envelope in his pocket. wayne that bandit, in the forest in burma... did you catch him? alfred nods how? alfred uneasy we burned the forest down. . ext. downtown gotham day a national guard helicopter roars over gotham general. int. hospital room day dent. bandaged. sedated. coming up for air. sees something on the table his coin. he fumbles for it, marvelling at its shiny face. remembering. insert cut rachel catches the coin. dent turns the coin over. the other side is devastated. he stares at the scarred face. starts ripping his bandages. int. wayne penthouse day alfred comes up to wayne. points him to the tv. alfred you need to see this. on screen engel, in his studio, addresses the camera. engel ...hes a credible source an a and m lawyer for a prestigious consultancy. he says hes waited as long as he can for the batman to do the right thing... the shot cuts to reese, nodding. engel contd now hes taking matters into his own hands. well be live at five with the true identity of the batman, stay with us... int. hospital room continuous gordon enters. dent stares to one side. he looks normal. gordon im sorry about rachel. nothing the doctor says youre in agonizing pain but you wont accept medication. that youre refusing skin grafts dent remember the name you all had for me when i was at internal affairs? what was it, gordon? . gordon harvey, i cant dent say it! dents anger makes gordon flinch. he looks away. ashamed. gordon small twoface. harvey twoface. dent turns to face gordon the left side of dents face is destroyed skin blackened and shriveled. molars visible. the eye a ball and socket. dent manages a small smile with the good side of his face. dent why should i hide who i am? gordon i... i know you tried to warn me. im sorry. wuertz picked you up was he working for them? nothing do you know who picked up rachel? nothing harvey, i need to know which of my men i can trust. dent looks at gordon. cold. dent why would you listen to me now? gordon im sorry, harvey. dent no. no youre not. not yet. gordon takes a last look at dent. then leaves. int. corridor, hospital continuous gordon steps out. someone is there. maroni. on crutches. gordon stares at him. cold. maroni shifts, awkward. maroni this craziness. this is too much. gordon you should have thought of that before you let the clown out of the box. . maroni you want him, i can tell you where hell be this afternoon. ext. abandoned docks day the chechen gets out of his suv. looks at a rusted hulk. the chechen, bodyguards, and dogs, head up the gangplank. int. rusted hulk continuous they pass into a huge hold. in the middle a billion dollars. the pile is thirty feet high. standing on top the joker. at his feet, bound, is lau. the chechen laughs. chechen like i say not so crazy as you look. the joker jumps from the top, slides down the pile. the joker i told you im a man of my word. looks around wheres the italian? the chechen shrugs. pulls out a cigar. lights it. chechen more for us. what you do with all your money, mr. joker? the joker grabs a can of gasoline from his thug. the joker im a man of simple tastes. i like gunpowder. dynamite... he is splashing gasoline onto the money. the joker contd ...gasoline... the chechen, furious, steps forwards. the joker turns. jabs his gun in the chechens face. the chechens bodyguards react. the jokers men draw on them. the joker contd and you know what they have in common? theyre cheap. chechen you said you were a man of your word. the joker plucks the cigar from the chechens lips. . the joker i am. the joker tosses the cigar at the pile. the joker contd im only burning my half. the chechen watches the money catch fire. the joker contd all you care about is money. this city deserves a better class of criminal, and im going to give it to them. this is my town now. tell your men they work for me. the joker crouches down to the chechens dogs. they growl. chechen they wont work for a freak. the joker takes out a knife. tosses it to his man. the joker cut him up and offer him to his little princes. lets show him just how loyal a hungry dog is. the jokers men grab the chechen. the joker contd its not about money. its about sending a message... the joker watches the towering flames. lau screams. the joker contd everything. burns. the joker pulls out a phone... int. television studio day reese has a confident air. engel is taking calls. caller o.s. i wanna how much theyre gonna pay you to say who batman really is. reese thats simply not why im doing this. engel caller, youre on the air. . caller o.s. harvey dent didnt want us to give in to this maniac you think you know better than him? engel guys got a point dent didnt want batman to give himself up, is this the right thing to do? reese if we could talk to dent now he might feel differently engel and we wish him a speedy recovery. god knows we need him, now. lets take another call old lady o.s. mr. reese, whats more valuable one life, or a hundred? reese i guess it would depend on the life. old lady o.s. ok. lets say its your life. is it worth more than the lives of several hundred others? reese of course not. old lady o.s. im glad you feel that way. because ive put a bomb in one of the citys hospitals. its going off in sixty minutes unless someone kills you. engel who is this? old lady o.s. just a concerned citizen drops pitch to the jokers voice and regular guy... int. major crimes unit, gotham central continuous gordon and his men are gearing up to take down the joker. a detective turns up the tv in the bullpen . the joker o.s. i had a vision. of a world without batman. the mob ground out a little profit and the police tried to shut them down, one block at a time... and it was so... boring. ive had a change of heart. i dont want mr. reese spoiling everything, but why should i have all the fun? lets give someone else a chance... reese looks around, twitching. sweating. the joker o.s. contd if coleman reese isnt dead in sixty minutes, then i blow up a hospital. of course, you could always kill yourself, mr. reese. but that would be the noble thing to do. and youre a lawyer. the line rings off. engel is speechless. gordon turns to the uniform cops. gordon call in every officer tell them to head to their nearest hospital and start evac and search. call the transit authority, school board, prisons get every available bus down to a hospital the priority is gotham general wheel everybody out of that place right now my hunch is thats where the bomb is. detective murphy why? gordon thats where harvey dent is. the uniforms sprint off. gordon turns to his detectives. uniformed cop where are we going, sir? on screen reese is a deer in the headlights. gordon to get reese. int. wayne penthouse day wayne and alfred move to the elevator. . wayne i need you plugged in, checking gordons men and their families. alfred looking for? wayne hospital admissions. alfred will you be taking the batpod, sir? wayne in the middle of the day? not very subtle, alfred. alfred the lamborghini then. watches wayne go much more subtle. ext. gotham streets day waynes lamborghini tears through downtown. int. hospital continuous chaos. patients and staff running around. cops and traffic wardens try to manage the evacuation. the cops stationed outside dents room, look around, unsure nurse sir, are you going to help?! two cops move to help wheel gurneys around the corner. int. lobby, television studio day gordon and his men escort reese out of the elevator engel follows with a camera crew. as they approach the glass doors gordon looks out at an angry crowd. engel commissioner?! you really think someone would try to gordon spots an old man raising a pistol gordon throws reese to the ground as shots shatter the laminated glass of the lobby. the crowd surges in all directions gordon get the cars around back! gordon hauls reese to the stairwell. . int. lamborghini continuous wayne slows past the chaos outside the television station. wayne i saw obrien and richards... int. batbunker continuous alfred types at the computer station. alfred nothing on them. no immediate family members admitted to a gotham hospital. int. stairwell, television studio continuous gordon pulls the shaken reese down the stairs... reese shaken theyre trying to kill me. ...and into a police van... int. police van continuous gordon throws reese in the back. smiles. gordon well, maybe batman will save you. the van peels out. heads onto the streets. ext. hospital continuous cops load patients onto buses. a tv van pulls up, engel and his cameraman jump out. one of dents guards, polk, looks into a school bus. turns to the cop loading it. polk okay, dont put anyone else on. gets on radio davis, i got space, bring him out. no answer davis? polk heads back towards the hospital, against the flow. int. lamborghini continuous wayne trails the police van from a distance. . wayne i saw burns and zachary... and a patrolman i dont know. alfred burns is clean... zachary... wayne theres at least one i dont know send the information to gordon int. police van continuous gordons phone beeps. he looks at a text watch out. cops with relatives in gotham hospitals burke, ramirez, till... int. dents hospital room continuous polk enters the room. no davis. just a redheaded nurse, back towards him, reading dents chart. polk maam, were going to have to move him, now. nothing maam? the redhead turns it is the joker, silenced pistol in hand. he fires. ext. gotham streets continuous the lamborghini zips around a car to get closer to the van. int. police van continuous gordon is reading his phone erikson, berg. gordon looks up sharply. considers the uniformed cop nervously fingering his shotgun. gordon berg, isnt it? the young cop, berg, looks up. sweating. berg commissioner? gordon you okay, son? berg nods. looks at his watch. . int. hospital room day the joker draws closer to dents bed. dent strains at the leather cuffs binding him to the bed. the joker i dont want there to be any hard feelings between us, harvey. the joker loosens dents restraints. the joker contd when you and rachel were being abducted i was sitting in gordons cage. i didnt rig those charges dent your men. your plan. the joker do i really look like a guy with a plan, harvey? i dont have a plan...the mob has plans, the cops have plans. you know what i am, harvey? dents hand is trembling. the joker contd im a dog chasing cars... i wouldnt know what to do with one if i caught it. i just do things. im just the wrench in the gears. i hate plans. yours, theirs, everyones. maroni has plans. gordon has plans. schemers trying to control their worlds. im not a schemer, i show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are. so when i say that you and your girlfriend was nothing personal, you know im telling the truth... hands him the pistol. dent holds it to the jokers head. ext. intersection, gotham streets continuous wayne roars past a line of traffic to settle in a few cars back from the police van, sitting at a red light. int. lamborghini continuous wayne studies the intersection spots a pickup jostling for position on the cross street. . int. police van continuous gordon watches berg, mentally tracing the trajectory of his shotgun barrel as berg fiddles with his gun. gordon starts trying to subtly unholster his own weapon. gordon im gonna need your weapon, son. berg looks at gordon. berg what? int. lamborghini continuous wayne watches the driver of the pickup staring intently at the police van. lining it up. int. police van continuous reese looks from berg to gordon. berg looks at gordon, trembling, the barrel of his gun inching lower in the car. berg why? because my wifes in hospital? gordon yeah. that would be why. int. dents hospital room continuous the joker leans in, pressing his head to the guns barrel. the joker its the schemers who put you where you are. you were a schemer. you had plans. look where it got you. i just did what i do best i took your plan, and i turned it on itself. look what ive done to this city with a few drums of gas and a couple of bullets. nobody panics when the expected people get killed. nobody panics when things go according to plan, even if the plan is horrifying. if i tell the press that tomorrow a gangbanger will get shot, or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up, nobody panics. because its all part of the plan. but when i say that one little old mayor will die, everybody loses their minds! more . the joker contd introduce a little anarchy, you upset the established order and everything becomes chaos. im an agent of chaos. and you know the thing about chaos, harvey? dent looks into the jokers eyes. finding meaning. the joker contd its fair. dent looks down at the coin in his hands. turns it over, feels its comforting weight. shows the joker the good side. dent you live. he turns the coin over. the flip side is deeply scarred. dent contd you die. the joker looks at the coin. looks at dent, admiringly. the joker now youre talking. dent flicks the coin into the air. catches it. looks. ext. intersection, gotham streets continuous the light turns green. the police van pulls into the intersection the pickup guns it, racing at it... int. lamborghini continuous wayne floors it, yanks the wheel to pull up onto the sidewalk int. police van continuous berg licks his lips, nervous. berg mr. reese? ext. intersection, gotham streets continuous the pickup barrels at the van, full tilt at the last second waynes lamborghini slips alongside the van the pickup smashes into the lamborghini . int. police van continuous as the van jolts with the impact gordon leaps forward, pushing up bergs shotgun barrel, which fires into the roof gordon smashes berg on the head with his sidearm. ext. intersection, gotham streets continuous gordons men pull the pickup driver from his cab gordon crouches down to the lamborghini wreck to help pull wayne from the car. gordon recognizes him as he pulls him free. gordon you okay, mr. wayne? wayne looks at him, woozy. sits on the curb. wayne call me bruce. i think so. gordon that was a brave thing, you did. wayne trying to catch the light? gordon you werent protecting the van? wayne turns sees the police van as if for the first time. reese steps down, dazed. wayne why? whos in it? reese locks eyes with wayne. nods. gordon sizes up bruce wayne and his crushed sports car. gordon you dont watch a whole lot of news, do you, mr. wayne? wayne shrugs it can get a little intense. think i should go to hospital? gordon not today, i wouldnt. int. corridor, hospital continuous the joker walks calmly through the mostly deserted building. . as he walks he pulls a detonator from his pocket. strolling along he pushes the button... staggered explosions burst into the corridor behind him like demolition blasts... the joker just walks out the door... ext. hospital continuous the joker strolls down the steps windows blow out in series people dive for cover engel piles into a school bus the joker walks across the parking lot the building collapsing behind him... ext. intersection, gotham streets continuous gordon hears the explosion. gordon gotham general... grabs his phone did you get dent out? cop o.s. i think so ext. hospital continuous the cop cowers as debris and smoke blast across the street int. school bus continuous the joker gets onto the bus. nods at his man at the wheel. ext. hospital continuous all eyes are on the collapsed building. one school bus pulls out from the line of other buses. heads down the street. int. bar, gotham heights day an empty neighborhood dive, the local drunk passed out at the bar, bartender, watching breaking news on the tv. bartender sweet jesus. dyou see this, mike? they blew up a hospital... detective wuertz, at a booth looks up at the tv, bored. bartender contd shouldnt you be out there, you know, doing something? wuertz its my day off. . the bartender shuts the register. bartender i gotta take a leak, keep an eye on things, will ya? the bartender steps out. the back door opens again. wuertz what? you need me to shake it for he trails off as someone sticks a gun in his face harvey dent. standing in shadow. he sits. dent hello. wuertz dent, i thought you was...dead... dent leans into the light. the left side of his face is hideously burned, cheek gone, blackened teeth and gums. dent half. dent picks up wuertzs drink. takes a sip. wuertz watches the bare muscles retract as dent swallows. dent contd who picked up rachel, wuertz? wuertz it mustve been maronis men dent slams the glass back on the table wuertz flinches. dent you, of all people, are gonna protect the other traitor in gordons unit? wuertz i dont know hed never tell me. stares at dent i swear to god, i didnt know what they were gonna do to you dent funny, i dont know whats going to happen to you, either. dent pulls his coin from his pocket. flips it. wuertz watches it spin. it lands on the table. scarred side up. the drunk at the bar stirs at the gunshot. . ext. gotham general day gordon, manic, surveys the scene with a cop gordon you must know how many were inside youve got patient lists, roll calls cop sir! sir. take a look at what were dealing with. cops, national guard gestures at buses were showing missing but that building was clear. these buses are heading off to other hospitals my guess is we missed one. gordon yeah? whats your guess about where harvey dent is? the cop says nothing. gordon contd keep looking. keep it to yourself. int. foxs office wayne industries day fox is watching the news. his intercom buzzes. voice o.s. mr. fox? security is showing a break in at the r and d department. int. corridor outside research and development day fox watches two security men force the door. he enters alone. int. lab, research and development day fox enters the dimlylit room. at one end is an extraordinary array of thousands of tiny monitors. fox approaches, fascinated, as they quietly display architectural patterns individually and in concert. the images become a map. batman beautiful. isnt it? fox nods, staring at the monitors as batman approaches. fox beautiful. unethical. dangerous. youve turned every phone in the city into a microphone... . lucius presses a key. the babble of a million conversations at once fills the room. every cell phone in the city. batman and high frequency generatorreceiver. fox like the phone i gave you in hong kong. you took my sonar concept and applied it to everybodys phone in the city. with half the city feeding you sonar you can image all of gotham. turns to batman this is wrong. batman ive got to find this man, lucius. fox but at what cost? batman the database is nullkey encrypted. it can only be accessed by one person. fox no one should have that kind of power. wayne thats why i gave it to you. only you can use it. lucius looks at batman. hard. fox spying on thirty million people wasnt in my job description. batman points to a tv screen. fox turns. on screen the joker shakes his head above a graphic latest threat... the joker what does it take to make you people want to join in..? ext. situation tent at gotham general continuous gordon watches a screen. grave. the joker you failed to kill the lawyer... ive got to get you off the bench and into the game. so, here it is... . int. bar, downtown continuous the bar, packed with business people watches the tv. silent. the joker come nightfall, this city is mine, and anyone left here plays by my rules. if you dont want to be in the game, get out now. bar patrons start moving... the joker reaches for the camera the joker contd but the bridgeandtunnel crowd are in for a surprise. cut to static. the bar patrons look around, confused. int. lab, research and development continuous fox turns from the tv to look at batman. batman trust me. fox stares at batman. batman contd this is the audio sample. he plugs a usb dongle into the console. a sample of the jokers voice from the callin news program plays. batman contd if he talks within range of any phone in the city, youll be able to triangulate his position. lucius toggles a menu. the city is an open book people working, eating, sleeping. lucius shakes his head. batman contd when youve finished, type your name to switch it off. fox ill help you this one time... lucius sits at the console. batman moves off fox contd but consider this my resignation. batman turns. fox looks at him, serious. . fox contd as long as this machine is at wayne industries, i wont be. ext. various locations dusk gothamites pour out of the city, on foot and by car... the bridges and tunnels are deserted, but for bomb squad search teams. int. city hall continuous gordon briefs the mayor. gordon my officers are going over every inch of the tunnels and bridges, but with the jokers threat theyre not and option. mayor land routes east? gordon backed up for hours. which leaves the ferries with thirty thousand waiting to board. plus, corrections are at capacity, so i want to use a ferry to take some prisoners off the island. mayor the men you and dent put away? those arent people im worried about. gordon you should be theyre the people you least want to be stuck with in an emergency. whatever the jokers planning, its a good bet that harveys prisoners might be involved. i want em out of here. ext. ferry terminal dusk at the ferry terminal, national guardsman watch over the thirty thousand jostling, scared people waiting to board the two massive ferries to seven sisters. grumbles turn to yells as prisoners are loaded onto a ferry by shotguntoting corrections officers. civilian that aint right! we should be on that boat. . national guardsman you want to ride across with them, be my guest. ext. brownstone dusk maroni climbs into the back of a limo. int. limo dusk maroni settles back into his seat. the car pulls away. maroni dont stop for lights, cops, nothing. dent going to join your wife? maroni starts. someone is in here with him. harvey dent two face leans forward, clutching a pistol. dent contd you love her? maroni yes. dent can you imagine what it would be like to listen to her die? maroni take it up with the joker. he killed your woman. made you... like this... dent the jokers just a mad dog. i want whoever let him off the leash. maroni looks at dent. worried. dent contd i took care of wuertz, but who was your other man inside gordons unit? who picked up rachel? it mustve been someone she trusted. maroni if i tell you, will you let me go? dent it cant hurt your chances. . maroni it was ramirez. pulls out his coin. dent cocks the pistol... maroni contd but you said dent i said it couldnt hurt your chances. dent flips it. looks good side. he shrugs. dent contd lucky guy. maroni looks confused. dent flips the coin again. looks down at the coin. shakes his head. dent contd but hes not. maroni who? dent smiles. puts his seat belt on. dent your driver. dent presses the barrel of the revolver behind the shadow of the driver. maroni lunges, screaming. dent fires. ext. bridge dusk the limo swerves off of the bridge, soars out over the canal, and pancakes into the retaining wall. ext. ferry terminal dusk civilians cram their way onto one ferry. finally, the commander of the national guard unit signals to his men to stop boarding and cast off. the two ferries set off across the river, heading for the lights of the distant shore of the mainland. int. bridge, prisoner ferry night the first mate looks out the window, at the second ferry. it is dead in the water. he turns to the pilot prison ferry. first mate theyve lost their engines. . pilot prison ferry get on the radio and tell em well come back for them once we dump these scumbags suddenly, the control panel flickers and dies. pilot prison ferry contd get down to the engine room. int. passenger lounge, prisoner ferry night the first mate skirts around the prisoners and corrections officers... int. access corridor, prisoner ferry night the first mate opens the door to the engine room. stops. hundreds of barrels of diesel fuel. and a small, wrapped present, topped with a bow. int. bridge, prisoner ferry night the pilot prison ferry is holding the small present. his radio crackles. pilot passenger ferry o.s. same thing over here enough diesel to blow us sky high. and a present. ext. elevated roadway, dowtown gotham continuous batman sits on the batpod, cape blowing. listening. batman fox? theres something going on on the ferries... int. passenger lounge, commuter ferry night as cold scared families watch, the national guard commander unwraps that ferrys present. inside, he finds a crude remote detonator. national guard commander why would they give us the detonator to our own bomb? up in the wiring at the ceiling, a cell phone taped in to the p.a. rings and answers. the joker o.s. tonight, youre all going to be part of a social experiment. . on both ferries civilians, prisoners, crew, and national guardsmen all listen as the jokers voice rings out. int. lab, wayne enterprises night lucius fox looks up as the console chimes. fox im zeroing in. the joker o.s. through the magic of diesel fuel and ammonium nitrate, im ready right now to blow you all sky high. anyone attempts to get off their boat, you all die... fox his voice is on the ferry, but thats not the source... ext. rooftops above gotham night batman looks out, across the entire city skyline. batman do you have a location on the joker? fox its west... batman fires up the batpod his cape shrinks into its pack form as he peels out, roaring into the night. the joker o.s. but were going to make things a little more interesting than that. tonight, were going to learn a little bit about ourselves... int. gordon home continuous barbara gordon answers the phone. ramirez o.s. barbara, its anna ramirez barbara hi, anna ramirez o.s. listen carefully, theres no time. jim needs you to pack up and get the kids in the car right away. . barbara but the units outside ramirez o.s. barbara, those cops cant be trusted. jim needs you away from them as soon as possible. ill call them off for minutes, youll have to move fast barbara but where ramirez o.s. im going to give you an address jim will meet you there... ext. mcu continuous ramirez is holding the phone. ramirez , nd street. leave as soon as the patrol car pulls out. dent is holding a gun at ramirezs head. she hangs up. dent she believe you? ramirez nods. dent contd she trusts you. just like rachel did. ramirez i didnt know dent what they were gonna do? youre the second cop to say that to me. what, exactly, did you think they were going to do? ramirez im sorry they got me early on. my mothers medical bills and my dent dont! dent flips his coin. . ramirez i took a little from them once theyve got you, they keep you. im sorry. dent looks at his coin. good side. dent live to fight another day, officer. dent cracks her on the head with his gun. int. bridge, prisoner ferry night the pilot prison ferry tries the radio. its dead. pilot prison ferry he killed the radio. the joker o.s. theres no need for all of you to die. that would be a waste. so ive left you both a little present. ext. penthouse, prewitt building night the joker stares out over the harbor, at the ferries. talking into a cell phone. holding a detonator, with two buttons. the joker each of you has a remote to blow up the other boat. int. passenger lounge, prisoner ferry night the prisoners and corrections officers listen. appalled. the joker o.s. at midnight, i blow you all up. if, however, one of you presses the button, ill let that boat live. you choose. so whos it going to be harvey dents most wanted scumbag collection... or the sweet innocent civilians? beat oh, and you might want to decide quickly, because the people on the other boat may not be quite so noble. the joker hangs up. the pilot prisoner ferry looks down at the remote in his hands. prisoners begin yelling and pushing. the warden takes the remote from the pilot cocks his shotgun. his men level their weapons at the crowd. . ext. ferry terminal continuous gordon looks out at the ferries. his phone rings. batman have the jokers location ext. gotham streets continuous batman roars along on the batpod. batman prewitt building. assemble on the building opposite. int. passenger lounge, commuter ferry night the national guard commander is holding the remote. several passengers take a step towards him. he pulls his weapon. national guard commander stay back. a businessman clutching his briefcase speaks up. businessman who are you to decide? we ought to talk it over, at least. other passengers agree. a mother with two kids speaks up. mother we dont all have to die. why should my babies die? those men had their chance national guard commander were not talking about this... passenger theyre talking over the same exact thing on the other boat. passenger if theyre even bothering to talk. lets put it to a vote. int. passenger lounge, prisoner ferry night as the prisoners grow angrier, a corrections officer fires his shotgun into the air. the prisoners back off. slightly. . int. passenger lounge, commuter ferry night a guardsman on this boat passes around a hat. people drop chits into it. passengers filling out chits eye each other. people on their phones say goodbye to loved ones. the pilot passenger ferry looks out across the water to the other ferry. looks up at the clock. ten to midnight... stares down at his blank chit. ext. rooftop overlooking prewitt building night gordon and his swat team leaders set up sniper and scope positions on the balustrade. int. garage, prewitt building continuous a swat stands beside the empty school bus. swat weve found our missing bus. ext. rooftop overlooking prewitt building continuous gordon looks at the swat leader. gordon then we have a hostage situation. they look across at the large windows of the prewitt building. the jokers men, in crude, homemade clown masks are clearly visible, automatic weapons in hand. swat sniper i got hostages! they look through his scope. crouched deeper in the room, patients, doctors, and nurses, huddled. gordon its a shooting gallery. whyd he choose a spot with such big windows? batman he likes the view. batman gestures towards the view of the ferries. swat leader we have clear shots on five clowns. more . swat leader contd snipers take them out, smash the windows a team rappels in, a team moves in by the stairwells. or or three casualties, max. gordon barely hesitates lets do it. batman its not that simple. with the joker, it never is. gordon whats simple, is that every second we dont take him, those people on the ferries get closer to blowing each other up! batman that wont happen. gordon then hell blow them both up! theres no time we have to go in now batman theres always a catch with him gordon thats why we cant wait we cant play his games batman turns. batman i need five minutes. alone gordon no. theres no time. we have clear shots. gordon pulls his gun. batman turns back. the swats watch. gordon contd dents in there with them. we have to save dent! i have to save dent! to swat leader get ready batman leaps from the building, opens his cape soars across the gulf between the two buildings gordon puts his weapon away. curses softly. turns to the swat leader. . gordon contd two minutes. then you breach. ext. prewitt building continuous batman lands against the glass two floors below batman fox. i need picture. int. lab, research and development continuous fox hits some keys fox youve got pov. on alpha channel, omni on beta ext. prewitt building continuous smoked glass eyepieces slip down over batmans eye holes. batmans sonar pov. the layers of the building dissolve, levels of transparency pulsing rhythmically... batman can see the people inside the building... int. penthouse, prewitt building night the joker is standing by the window, looking out at his handiwork. the chechens dogs start barking. he smiles. ext. penthouse, prewitt building continuous batman reaches into his utility belt, sprays plastic onto the glass lets it harden punches the windowwhich breaks quietly as the pieces stick to the laminate he slips inside int. penthouse, prewitt building continuous batmans eyes glow white as he uses his sonar to look through the corner an armed clown is leaning against the corner... ext. rooftop, prewitt building continuous a six man swat team prepares to rappel from the roof. int. stairwell, prewitt building continuous a swat team moves up the stairs. ext. rooftop overlooking prewitt building continuous gordons phone rings. . gordon hello? barbara, calm down dent o.s. hello, jim. gordon harvey? what the hells going on? dent o.s. youre about to know what my suffering is really like... gordon looks across at the prewitt penthouse... gordon o.s. where are you? wheres my family?! dent where my family died. click. gordon looks at the swat leader. pale. swat leader red team. go! gordon moves to the door off the roof. int. penthouse, prewitt building continuous batman grabs the armed clown, drops him, silently. he goes to disarm him the weapon is ducttaped to the clowns hands. batman rips off the clown mask staring, frightened eyes mouth ducttaped shut... its engel. batman looks up four more clowns line the windows, weapons ducttaped to their hands. on sonar he looks into where the hostages are crouched... the patients and doctors are carrying weapons these are the jokers men... above them swats rappel from the rooftop. in the stairwells, two more teams prepping. batman dont. move. engel nods, terrified. ext. rooftop overlooking prewitt building continuous the swats line up the clowns in their sights... . int. stairwell, prewitt building continuous the swat team arrives at the penthouse fire exit. they spread charges across the inner wall ext. rooftop overlooking prewitt building continuous the swat leader checks his watch. swat leader go! go! go! a swat sniper zeroes in on a clown the clown disappears the sniper looks up, confused int. penthouse, prewitt building continuous batman yanks the clown along the floor using his grapple gun the clown takes down the two next to him batman leaps for the nearest two as shots shatter the glass ext. prewitt building continuous the swats rappel down the building swing in through the broken windows int. penthouse, prewitt building continuous the hostages reel from the blast the swats swoop in, aiming weapons at the clowns, throwing percussion grenades batman takes out the swats with fists and batarangs the last swat aims at batman behind him a doctor raises a shotgun... behind the doctor batman can see through the wall at swats preparing to breach... batman vaults over the swat into a twofoot kick into the doctors chest int. stairwell, prewitt building continuous the swats blast out the wall the team leader steps up to the hole... the batgrapple fires outlodging in his kevlar vest... he is yanked, screaming, through the door. the rest of his team look at each other. steel themselves. move in through the hole... int. penthouse, prewitt building continuous as the swats race in they find engel, terrified, next to a pile of unconscious hostages, and their team leader, one end of an absailing rope tied around his waist. batman is on them, weaving kicking, punching, and, with one hand, clipping carabinners looped to the absailing rope onto their webbing of vests. batman steps back picks up the team leader swat weapons aim at him he hurls the team leader out the window... the . swats watch him go... the rope pays out... one by one they are yanked out of the window... ext. rooftop overlooking prewitt building continuous a sniper watches through his scope as the six man swat team soars out of the window and drops. the line snaps taut and they hang, like a mountaineering team in crisis. batman, crouched in the broken window, secures the line. sniper what the hells he doing? batman looks right at the sniper raises his grapple gun bam. the bat grapple smashes into the snipers scope the rifle is yanked out of his hands. int. prewitt building continuous batman races past a dazed engel... engel pathetic thanks. ...into the main office. the joker is there. the joker you came. im touched. batman wheres the detonator? the dogs leap at batman smash him to the ground... int. passenger lounge, commuter ferry night the pilot passenger ferry finishes counting the votes. reads the verdict. pilot passenger ferry the tally is votes against. looks down and votes for. the passengers avoid eye contact with each other. int. passenger lounge, prisoner ferry night the corrections officers are in a phalanx in the corner, facing off against hundreds of menacing prisoners. . prisoner do you wanna die! the warden and his men look at each other. at the clock. int. penthouse, prewitt building night batman wrestles with the rotweilers a blinding mass of batman, black fur and bared teeth the joker pops a switchblade. moves in to the mass batman kicks off the last of the dogs the joker jabs his knife into batmans ribs the joker all the old familiar places. batman recoils in pain. the joker butts him knees him energy explodes from his lean frame he kicks the injured batman back towards the glass... int. passenger lounge, commuter ferry night the pilot passenger ferry looks at the remote in his hands. pilot passenger ferry i voted for it. same as most of you. doesnt seem right that we should all die... someone calls out from the back. passenger so do it! pilot passenger ferry i didnt say id do it. dont forget. were still here. which means they havent killed us, yet, either. he sets the remote down on a bench in the front of the lounge. the other passengers and guardsmen stare at it... int. passenger lounge, prisoner ferry night a huge, tattooed prisoner pushes his way to the front. he walks towards the warden, who is sweating, looking at the remote. tattooed prisoner you dont wanna die. but you dont know how to take a life. give it to me. . the warden looks at the remote. at the clock. tattooed prisoner contd these men will kill you and take it, anyway. give it to me, you can tell people i took it by force... give it to me and ill do what you should have done ten minutes ago. int. passenger lounge, commuter ferry night everyone stares at the remote. one minute left. the businessman stands. walks over and picks it up. businessman no one wants to get their hands dirty. fine. ill do it. those men on that boat made their choices. they chose to murder and steal. it makes no sense for us to die, too. he looks at the other passengers. no one makes eye contact. int. passenger lounge, prisoner ferry night the warden slowly hands him the remote. the prisoner looks at it. he looks the warden in the eye... then tosses the remote out the window. warden, prisoners and officers are stunned. ext. penthouse, prewitt building night batman flies backwards through the window glass flying the joker kicks out a wooden brace holding up the steel frame batmans arms fly up as it comes crashing down onto his neck saved by his protective gauntlets. batman grunts as the joker steps onto the steel beam... the joker if we dont stop fighting, were going to miss the fireworks. batman there wont be any fireworks. batman struggles to keep the beam from crushing his neck... int. passenger lounge, commuter ferry night the businessman stares at the remote in his hands. finally, he puts it down. sits down. waits to die. the clock strikes midnight. . ext. penthouse, prewitt building night batman indicates the clock... twelve oclock. batman what were you hoping to prove? that deep down, were all as ugly as you? the joker looks at the clock... int. both ferries continuous the passengers brace. look at the clock. confused... int. prewitt building continuous the smile disappears from the jokers face. batman youre alone. the joker crouches down, hovering above batmans face and arms. shows him the remote. the joker cant rely on anyone these days. the joker arms the remote... the joker contd have to do everything yourself. i always have and its not always easy... smiles, remembering you know how i got these scars? batman looks up at him. batman no. but i know how you get these batmans scallop blades fire out of his gauntlet, nailing the joker in the chest and arm he staggers back batman, freed, leaps forward kicks him over the edge grabs the remote the joker giggles as he falls, enjoying the ride. something slams into his leg, and he jerks to a stop batmans grapple. the joker hollers in pain as batman hauls him up. the joker just couldnt let me go, could you? more . the joker contd i guess this is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. you truly are incorruptible, arent you? batman secures the joker upside down. the joker is laughing. the joker contd you wont kill me out of some misplaced sense of self righteousness... and i wont kill you because youre too much fun. were going to do this forever. batman youll be in a padded cell, forever. the joker maybe we can share it. theyll need to double up, the rate this citys inhabitants are losing their minds... batman this city just showed you its full of people ready to believe in good. the joker looks up at him. a twinkle in his eye. the joker till their spirit breaks completely. until they find out what i did with the best of them. until they get a good look at the real harvey dent, and all the heroic things hes done. indicates ferry then those criminals will be straight back onto the streets and gotham will understand the true nature of heroism. off look you didnt think id risk losing the battle for the soul of gotham in a fist fight with you? youve got to have an ace in the hole. mines harvey. batman hauls the joker up, nose to nose. batman what did you do? the joker i took gothams white knight. more . the joker contd and i brought him down to my level. it wasnt hard madness is like gravity. all it takes is a little push. joker laughs. batman leaves him to the swats. batman lucius. find harvey dent. ext. burnt warehouse, nd street night gordon gets out of his car, gun drawn. makes his way into the blackened wreck of a building... int. burnt warehouse, nd street night gordon peers into the darkness. gordon dent? no reply. gordon makes his way deeper. up the stairs. int. second floor, burnt warehouse night gordon spots barbara and their two children huddled together. he moves towards them barbara is shaking her head wham! dent cracks gordon over the head with his gun. dent disarms gordon, rolls him over. he turns to look at the enormous hole in the floor. from this side, in the moonlight, dent looks completely normal. dent this is where they brought her, gordon. after your people handed her over. this is where they bound her. this is where she suffered. this is where she died. gordon i know. i was here. trying to save her. dent turns, revealing his dark side. dent but you didnt, did you? gordon i couldnt. . dent yes, you could. dent contd if youd listened to me if youd stood up against corruption instead of doing your deal with the devil. gordon i was trying to fight the mob dent moves towards gordon. dent you wouldnt dare try to justify yourself if you knew what id lost. have you ever had to talk to the person you love most, wondering if youre about to listen to them die? you ever had to lie to that person? tell them its going to be all right, when you know its not? well, youre about to find out what that feels like. then youll be able to look me in the eye and tell me youre sorry. dent turns steps over to barbara puts the gun to her temple gordon harvey. put the gun down. youre not going to hurt my family. dent no, just the person you need most. cocks gun so is it your wife? gordon put the gun down. dent moves the gun to point at gordons little girl. gordon contd please, harvey... dent moves to james gordon. brushes the hair out of the boys eyes with the muzzle. gordon snaps. gordon contd goddamit. stop pointing that gun at my family, dent. dent we have a winner. . dent pulls the boy away from his mother. barbara no! jim stop him! dont let him! dent walks james past gordon to the edge of the burnt floor. he touches the raw wood at the edge of the floor. gordon im sorry, harvey. for everything. but, please. please dont hurt him. sirens. ext. burnt warehouse, nd street continuous cop cars descend on the warehouse. int. second floor, burnt warehouse continuous dent looks at gordon, furious. dent you brought your cops? gordon all they know is theres a situation. they dont know who, or what. theyre just creating a perimeter. dent you think i want to escape?! theres no escape from this dent indicates his face. his suffering. gordon no one needs to escape, because no ones done anything wrong. and nobody has to. dent chuckles. a macabre sight. dent ive done plenty wrong, gordon. just not quite enough. yet. dent squeezes the gun a little tighter against the little boys neck. the boy whimpers. batman you dont want to hurt the boy, dent. dent turns. batman steps from the shadows. . dent its not about what i want. its about whats fair. to gordon and batman you thought we could be decent men in an indecent world. you thought we could lead by example. you thought the rules could be bent but not break... you were wrong. the world is cruel. shows his coin and the only morality in a cruel world is chance. unbiased. unprejudiced. fair. batman nothing fair ever came out of the barrel of a gun, dent. dent shows the coin his boys got the same chance she had. fiftyfifty. batman steps closer, desperate, trying to reach dent. batman what happened to rachel wasnt chance. we decided to act. we three. we knew the risks and we acted as one. we are all responsible for the consequences. dent looks at batman. pleading. dent then why was it only me who lost everything? batman looks into dents eyes. emotional. batman it wasnt. dent furious the joker chose me! batman because you were the best of us. he wanted to prove that even someone as good as you could fall. . dent bitter and he was right. batman but youre fooling yourself if you think youre letting chance decide. youre the one pointing the gun, harvey. so point it at the people who were responsible. we all acted as one. gordon. me. and you. dent is listening, the wheels in his deranged mind turning. dent fair enough. dent eases his grip on the boy. dent contd you first. he points the gun at batman. flips the coin. tails. he shoots. batman collapses to the ground, clutching his gut. dent contd my turn. he points the gun at his own head. flips the coin. heads. he looks a little disappointed. finally, he points the gun back at gordons son. dent contd your turn, gordon. gordon youre right, harvey. rachels death was my fault. but punish me dent im about to. tell your son its going to be all right, gordon. lie. like i lied. gordon looks up. pained. locks eyes with his son. gordon its going to be all right, son. dent flips the coin. high. dents eyes follow the coin up batman hurls himself at dent and the boy. . all three of them vanish over the edge. a terrible crash then silence, but for the sound of dents coin, spinning on the floor at the edge of the hole. gordon, horrified, runs to the edge peers down dent lies at the bottom of the hole, his neck broken. dead. the coin stops spinning, good side up. gordons son swings into view, hanging from batman, who is holding onto a joist with all his strength... gordon reaches down to grab his son hauls him up... batman falls..., dropping and dropping, smashing through protruding wood and pipes... he lands hard near dent. ext. burnt warehouse, nd street continuous the cops prepare to storm the front door. int. burnt warehouse, nd street continuous gordon races down the stairs. rushes over to batman. james dad, is he okay? gordon crouches at batmans side. the batman grasps gordons arm. staggers to his feet. gordon thankyou. batman you dont have to gordon yes, i do. gordon and batman stare down at dents body. grave. gordon contd the joker won. gordon stares down at scarred side of harvey dent. gordon contd harveys prosecution, everything he fought for, everything rachel died for. undone. whatever chance gotham had of fixing itself... whatever chance you gave us of fixing our city... dies with harveys reputation. more . gordon contd we bet it all on him. the joker took the best of us and tore him down. people will lose all hope. batman no. they wont. looks at gordon they can never know what he did. gordon incredulous five dead? two of them cops? we cant sweep that under batman no. but the joker cannot win. batman crouches to dents body. batman contd gotham needs its true hero. gently, he turns dents head so the good side of his face is up. gordon looks from dents face to batman. understanding. gordon you? you cant batman yes, i can. batman stands. faces gordon. batman contd you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain. i can do those things because im not a hero, like dent. i killed those people. thats what i can be. gordon angry no, you cant! youre not! batman hands gordon his police radio. batman im whatever gotham needs me to be. insert cut gordon stands at a podium at dents funeral. behind him is a large photograph of dent smiling. . gordon ...a hero. not the hero we deserved the hero we needed. nothing less than a knight. shining... gordon v.o. contd theyll hunt you. batman v.o. youll hunt me. insert cut gordon, on the roof of gotham central, axe in hand, watched by an assortment of cops and reporters... batman v.o. contd youll condemn me, set the dogs on me... gordon takes the axe to the bat symbol sparking, smashing... batman v.o. contd ...because its what needs to happen. insert cut alfred holds the letter from rachel. thinking. batman v.o. contd because sometimes the truth isnt good enough... insert cut alfred burns the envelope from rachel. batman contd ...sometimes, people deserve more. insert cut lucius fox types his name into the sonar machine. insert cut fox hits the x. the machine flashes red self destruct warnings. then dies. fox smiles to himself. batman hurries off. limping into the shadows. james batman?! james runs down the stairs to join father james contd whys he running, dad?! gordon stares after batman. gordon because we have to chase him... . ext. warehouse continuous as cops race into the buildings the dogs get the scent and pull away from the doorway, following the shadow into the stacks of shipping containers... int. warehouse continuous james looks at his father, confused. james he didnt do anything wrong! gordon stares after the batman. the sound of the dogs becoming louder and more ferocious. james contd why, dad? why?! gordon because... ext. dockside rooftops continuous the batman lurches between shipping containers. stumbling. bleeding. he makes it to the batpod... gordon v.o. ...hes the hero gotham deserves... but not the one it needs right now. so well hunt him, because he can take it. because hes not our hero... the batpod streaks through gothams underground streets, the batmans cape fluttering behind. a wraith... gordon v.o. contd ...hes a silent guardian, a watchful protector... a dark knight. the batman races up a ramp into a blinding light cut to black. credits. end.
