its k.
If you want to have a great life with jobs, moneys, girl, etc, don't play this game.
Ruins your social life. Makes you sad and happy at the same time. Recommended for people who do not want a life.
You either quit while you are the feeder or play long enough to see yourself become toxic.
If you enjoyed Metro 2033 or Metro Last Light, you'll love this game. It's full of russians too.
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
good.
Skipped classes thanks to Dota. Learned to gamble thanks to Dota. Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota. Became racist thanks to Dota. All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself. Cancer can be cured, SEA Dota community can't be.
"You learn how to learn, how to lose and most importantly you learn about you." Alright. so here is my dota 2 review after playing almost 6000 hours over the span of 3 years. 1. general thoughts and how i started: I was 15 when a friend recommended dota 2 to me. Back then i wouldnt ever have imagined how much time this game would take from me. At some point i was playing 12+ hours a day for weeks. Now im approaching my 19th birthday and im kind of conflicted on what kind of impact this game had on my life. I learned a lot about myself and generally speaking matured a lot regarding interacting with other humans. Dota isnt just a game, Dota is something else, something i have never experienced even when i was addicted to a mmorpg when i was 9-13. You learn how to learn, how to improve, how to win and how to lose. The most important thing dota teached me was how emotions impact your performance, and that saying "nothing" is sometimes the best thing to do. In real life no one really teaches you stuff like that since people are kind of used to dealing with emotional s. 2. Did i waste my youth?: So this sounds a bit depressing but this is a thought that i had sometimes. but realisticially speaking, knowing myself, im really unsure of how much my life wouldve been different if i never started dota. I asume i wouldve been a bit further regarding social contacts but career/school-wise i highly doubt that it wouldve made a big difference. You gotta be realistic when thinking about stuff like this. Im not a very social guy. I dont like to put work into stuff i dont care about. The thoughts "lets learn music" or "lets study" wouldnt have EVER crossed my mind when i was 15. Im pretty sure if i wouldnt have started with dota i wouldve just been gooning around the city and abuse drugs, since thats a lot of fun to me. Back then i actually never even thought about working on something to improve, that whole dimension of "improving" wasnt even there for me. I just went to school got home and did fun stuff sometimes. Thats it. No goals. No aspiration, nothing. Dota changed that. 3. time invested into dota2: EVERY dota player that has spent more than 1000 hours into this game has had that thought of "oh man i shouldve learned something with this time. i couldve been amazing now." at some point. But everyone is disregarding the fact that grinding dota is something VERY EASY and comfortable to do, unlike studying or learning an instrument. Just think about what kind of game dota 2 is that spending 1000s of hours is something you do with pleasure. It's kind of insane thinking about it. Once i started studying more for school again i realized how much ing time 100 hours is. I garantue you that you will be a top student if youd put 20 hours a week into studying outside of school. But the big difference is that dota is just so much more fun and REWARDING. REWARDING: dota 2 is IGN REWARDING. you learn a new hero -> BAMM MMR. you start understanding how to farm -> M . M . R YOUR RANK GOES IGN UP. IT FEELS AMAZING. at school you get an A and you smile for about 10 minutes and then youre back to being miserable. theres no punishment for being mediocre. At least thats how i feel right now and im graduating this year(grades are OK(kinda good, not great)). ReasoN I WROTE THIS: im downloading dota right now because my laptop is REALLY ed up adn deletes files something, so i needed something to do CONCLUSION: AMAZING GAME, EATS ALL YOUR TIME, YOU WILL HAVE FUN(if you are competetive).
Skipped classes thanks to Dota. Learned to gamble thanks to Dota. Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota. Became racist thanks to Dota. All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself. Cancer can be cured, Dota community can't be.
Imagine, for a moment, that it is Christmas morning. Your home is abuzz with laughter, and the smell of fresh baked goods drifts up from downstairs. You race to the tree, and begin to open a beautiful present, adorned with festive colors and a wrapping scheme that is both dauntingly complex yet also simple in its execution. You turn to your mother, father, and two siblings and smile; for you know that your adventure into opening your gift is about to begin. You go to open your unwrapped box, and BWONG. A horn bellows, deafening you. Out of the box pops a small, dwarf-like figure, wielding a multicultural bat festooned with Ecuadorian and Peruvian patterns, and of Russian construction. "THANKS FOR STANDING STILL, GANKER," he shrieks, as he wallops young brother Timmy in the teeth. Your mother tuts and scolds him, for being out of position. The dwarf darts under the tree, looking for a hole in the wall to continue his pursuit of rat-DOTA. "Gank him, !" your father roars, as he sits on the couch lazily and watches. You crawl, desperate for your gift of victory over the rat, under the tree, and he continues to elude you. Suddenly, with a flourish, he produces a lighter, and proceeds to methodically burn down your house while muttering "GG 2 EZ", and your family sits in the living room muttering "garbage team" and "reported". Your family home burns down around them, and only you escape the engulfing flames, accompanied by the chortles of the dwarf. Downtrodden but not easily bested, you begin your walk down the street to your friend's house, in the hopes that by having Christmas at their house, you might be able to somehow catch the multicultural dwarf on the second try. 10/10 Best fun and Peruvian simulator.
This game taught me about the diversity of cultures that our small little corner of the universe offers. Then it taught me to hate them all.
good game.
This game taught me that friends are very important, because I'm not gonna play on a team with four random , that's for sure.
It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
God bless anyone that dares to enter in this cesspool of toxicity.
Made my family think i got some kind of mental illness. 10/10.
In Dota 2, Not many people speak your language. Not many people play well. Not many people talk nicely. Not many people work as a team. But if you find people that do. You'll have the most fun you've ever had.
If you are worried your children are doing drugs, show them this game. They will be too busy fulfilling their innermost masochistic desires while hopelessly right clicking that they will not have the time for drugs or friends or anything else really.
"THE PUB SUPPORT" "Where are wards?" The pub Carry demanded. "I placed them and they were countered" the Support began, "I am trying to juggle giving you complete lane farm, protecting you and harrassing the enemy while saving to buy more, also possibly sentries to remove their-" "UP COUR PLS" the mid hero politely added. "Give Savle" The Carry demanded. "Certainly." replies the support, using the salve on the Carry who subsequently ran headlong into an enemy creepwave. "So where is mek?" the Carry said, after he was ganked due to overextending. The Support died saving him and was treated to a rather enthusiastic series of map pings on his corpse. "Again, having not even enough to buy boots as well as wards, I don't think a 7 minute Mek is viable." The Support replies. "Haha look your level, so low, noo" the Carry retorted. "U have no item xaxa". "Well, jungle gold and experience through stacking and pulling with blocked camps is nowhere near as much as on lane which I attempted to give you, the carry, the priority over." The Carry is subsequently ganked again at the enemy tower, oblivious to the enemy tp that the Support moved away from. "Report Support, usless" The carry cried in allchat, in between mentioning various aspects of the Support's Mother's anatomy. "Instead of reporting and acting like that, why don't you try supporting for randoms sometime instead of instapicking a carry?" the Support asked, as he watched the Carry return to afk-lasthitting lane creeps. "HAH, support is for noskill noobs like you!".
i've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as "c" and "".
Great Russian language simulator.
So many diffrent heroes and diffrent builds that you can do compared to all the other Moba's in the market. If your looking for a moba to really stick your teeth into and learn lots this is it. 9/10.
THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET. LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN OTHERS GET THIS FREE AS HECK GAME.
Great Game! Been playing it since 2015 and still one of my favourite game of all time!.
In this game you can: 1- Murderer trees 2- Kill an ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese 3- Learn at least 9 different languages in every single match 4- Kill others players for no apparent reason 5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours.
DOTA 2, THE SEQUEL TO THE AWARD WINNING DOTA STARRING: Sven Staffani Riki Martin 2 Puck Stevie Nyx Jackie Chen Hrithik Roshan Slark Walberg Joaquin Phoenix Justin Timbersaw Justin Weaver Clinkz Eastwood John Lina Jim Carry Tom Tanks Natalie Supportman Sarah Jessica Ganker Alch Pacino Matt Dagon Christian Bane Ellen Pudge Ed Harrass Eddie Morphling Morgan Fiendman Snoop Lion Bruce Lich Ben Sladar Robert De Ny-ro Leonardo DisRuptio Russel Drowe Dazzle Washington Mick Jaggernaut 50 Centaur Malcolm Axe Orlando Doom Mirana Kerr Zeus Willis DIRECTED BY: M. Night Stalker Stanley Rubick COMING SOON TO A COMPUTER NEAR YOU.
Comrades, it is time to rejoice. The cult classic Communist adventure saga continues with the newest installment of the series, Downfall of the Americans 2: Stalin's Revemge. Featuring the original cast of Stalin and all of his closest friends, including Russian Bear, Dr. Vodka, and Krokodealer, this game is a must have for the whole village. Destroy filthy American Strongholds to spread wealth to all of your comrades, use teamwork to crush the American scum, and lead your comrades to victory. Feel as though you are on a whole different level than your peers? Play ranked matches to realize that you suck just as much as they do. Looking for an easy game to boost morale? Enter a bot match to fight Americans as they should be percieved: easy to find and easy to kill. The game even features collectable hats to help your characters survive the harsh winter. Karl Marx/10.
This game allows you to exert your knowledge and understanding of layered mechanics (and exceptions of those game mechanisms) onto randomly-selected regional people without their permission or interest. Heated debates can lead to forged alliances to achieve that common goal or end into displaced frustration projected onto others to substitute one's own failures and inabilities to execute one's characters' (heroes') qualities. On the other hand, this game allows one to create 'hero build' guides as a pretense to be productive with his/her vexation as well as to fruitlessly raise the standard of expected knowledge of the game through item and ability walkthroughs in hopes that those one encounters in the future, rely on these indirect, serviced suggestion(s).
Imagine you're playing a game with a few friends and you're having fun. You exchange jokes and high fives all around after every epic moment. Your bro turns to you and says, "I love this game, and I definitely do not want to kill myself!" You all laugh. You are having a good time. You are not playing Dota 2.
Dota 2, where do I start. This game has ruined my social life, I spend every day on this game, training, waiting, and drinking through my mountain dew, to one day become the greatest. My father said to me, "Son, you will never be dondo." I said to my father, "Dad, I mid, or I feed." My dad dropped to the ground in tears, screaming at the all mighty gabe newell, begging for his son back, but it was too late, I was already back on dota, at mid, blaming my team for sucking This game is why I wake up, Why I masturbate, why I decide that masturbating while playing is a good idea. Thank you for such an amazing game, without this game I would have nothing to get mad at when I am rock solid.
I got addicted to this game very easily! How can you not with such great features like: -Get abused by friends -Learn to abuse your friends -No matter what language setting you provide you still will be a '' -Feel slightly racist towards Russains -A loving comunity that just thinks you need to practice more so therefor 'uninstal dota u noo', 'play botz ' or 'report invoqerr he feed' -If it was a 60 minute close game always remember to write 'EZ GAME GG NOOBS' -You instantly get a few cool nicknames when you play dota, 'feeder, noob, '' and lots more -Learn how to get self esteem issues, anxiety and if you're lucky even deppression This game is great, and with such a fantastic comunity you know you're going to enjoy every moment of it.
Hours of fun, all you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today!.
1,000 hours played: "OMG you have 1,000 hours played go outside and get a life you virgin" 100 hours played: "OMG you only have 100 hrs played you idiot noob delete Dota" 10/10 Dota community logic.
I've punched more holes in my wall then you could imagine playing this game. 11/10 recommend.
11/10 game (including updates) 1/10 community (including myself) Quit playing. Try to be a better person.
I only play Dota when I feel like killing myself.
Before playing this game I thought Brazillians were only bad at soccer.
When I was young, I started to suffer from a major crack addiction. This was becoming a real problem. after telling a friend about my struggle with narcotics, he suggested I played this crazy game called DOTA 2. I spent some of my crack money on a new computer so I could play this game. The more I played, the more it started to attract me. In the end, I realised that this game was a much healthier substitute to crack cocaine. I gave up crack last year, never looked back. Now I waste my life away playing DOTA 2 instead. 10/10 Saved my life.
In this game you can: 1- Murderer trees 2- Kill a ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese 3- Learn at most 9 different languages in every single match 4- Kill others players for no apparent reason 5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours.
This is yet another new release by the company "MOBA" (you may know this company from their popular games such as League of Legends, Dead island Epidemic and Dawngate). This is a very slow paced first person shooter set in the age after the 3rd great war in which humanity has been set back in the ages where magic was still okay to use, in this game you play as an ex soldier trying to defeat the main communist overlord "sniper" who threatens america as we know it. The single player aspect of this game is probably the best experience you'll have in this game as the online is currently dead, the developers stopped updating this game after league of legends was confirmed to be more balanced and a hell of a lot better. They did however unlock a new game mode called "Compendium" in which you simulate reading a book and collect trading cards. I'll give this game 3 meepos out of 5, it's okay but the fact that you're required to be able to speak russian to get this game really lets it down.
Dota 2 is sequel to critically acclaimed hat trading sim, Team Fortress 2. What Valve has managed to do with hats is astounding. They've improved upon everything that the original had to offer, and then they kicked it up a notch. Imagine a world where everyone and every thing has a hat. Now imagine that you can become THAT hat. You are the weapon, you are the bullet, you are the sword edge. That's immersion on a new level. Never before has an experience been this good. I recommend this to anyone who has ever, or will ever dream of hat, hats, or hat accesories. If you haven't yet, you need to experience this. Go do it. Now. 11/10 Hats, it's all right. 2016 Update: I haven't touched this game in 2+ years and there's a reason for that; I'm too busy wearing and showing off my hats. Great hats/10.
Ruined my life. Told my friends. It ruined their life too. 5 stars. **update : 1. Learnt how to swear in russian and philippines, 5/5 2. Report Simulator 2014, 5/5 3. Commend beggars everywhere, 5/5 4. 5/5.
You can eat a tree to gain health. It's basically the best thing ever. 10/10.
This game has made me racist towards those who speak any language other than english. Would buy again.
I Became calm person in real life because of this game.
I've tried Rosetta Stone, duolingo, and even college classes, but nothing has taught me Russian or Brazilian better than this! And it's free!.
The first time you play you will have a very unpleasant experience and most likely uninstall the game. Within a few days, however, you'll feel an urge to play it. You're going to watch videos of pro people teaching you how to play, and you're going to think that now you're really good. You're wrong. Over time, however, things will get better, and you'll actually start winning. Then, you start losing again, but this time it's not your fault; it's your teams fault. Always remember that NOTHING is EVER your fault. Your dumbass anti-mage was complaining that you were stealing his farm, but it's your farm dammit! Then pudge is getting butthurt about losing lane because he never had a flying courier, when the real reason he lost is because he didn't give you unit control when you are clearly a better pudge! Meanwhile the enemy team is getting fed because your teamates never backed you up when you blitzkrieged in 1v5, and they even have the nerve to question your methods! Then you notice that your dumbass anti-mage is in the jungle farming because "he couldn't farm in lane." You know, however, that he is just a noob. Eventually the enemy is pushing your tier 3s, and the game is obviously over. This is the time when you give up and sit in base. Ignore the fact that your team has won the last two teamfights and you are starting to catch up, it's better if you just quit now. While you're waiting in base, make sure that the enemy team knows that you are not at fault in your loss. Make sure you type in all-chat "team noo" followed up by "report anti-mage." If they ask why you want them to report him, ignore them, if your team has the bodacity to try and defend themseves, repeatedly say phrases such as "lol ur so bad" and "ur just mad cuz you cant play." You could also take the alternative route and say things like " " and " ." Yea, the game and communtiy can be a sometimes, but it's also a super fun game that requires fast paced decision making as well as strategical analysis. Plus, it unifies gamers and conservatives by creating one common hatred: Russians. All in all, this game is 90% getting , and 10% feeling like you're on top of the world, but that 10% makes you feel sooooo good that it keeps pulling you back.
You awaken in a cold room. You are naked, and shivering. Looking up from your bed of damp straw, you can just make out what seems to be the Peruvian flag hung from the celing. There is a pistol on a small table near by. For some reason, you are drawn to it. It calls to you like a siren's song. You put it in your mouth, the gunmetal tastes so sweet. The last words you hear, echoing through the chamber: "REPORT NOOB MID HIJO DE NO GANK".
9/10 i am still waiting for the tenth player confirm.
One day, a wise man intoduce me into this game. "it shall protect your virginity, my lad" he said.
It's like crack. When it's good it's good, and when it's bad it's still pretty good.
I can be a tree. Highly recommend.
I have been playing this game for 3 miserable years and 'm wrinting this review as an advice. To whom it may concern. Uninstall this game and run for your life before its too late. Maybe the reader now giggling and drawing an image on his/her mind says this guy is a nerd. No im not, I'm a fitness guy with good shape studying engineering, which I had a social life in the past . I lost too much things on my life most of them are privacy/personal things not going to write them down but one of them is my education 24 years old still studying engineering because of this game. If you are going to say that you can manage your day between playing "DOTA" and studying or working you are wrong because the average match time is 35 min *only 1 match. So 35 min 3 games per day = 105 min. Not mentioning that some games exceed 1 hour if both teams played well. Please take this as an advice from 24 years old guy who has been suffering for 3 years because of this game I sucked on education you can be better than me and quit, I destroyed my dream and now im trying to bring it back wish me good luck. Please this is not a "joke post" and this advice aiming on teenagers who want to achieve their future dreams just don't play this game its in AWESOME game but you have to pay your life for it. Your choice life or Dota and this is not a joke if you throw my words away just please save my comment on your favorites and come back after 3 years don't cry if your life got ruined. Save my comment if you don't want to take my advice you can visit this comment again. Most of positive reviews are written by Valve's agents believe me.
When I started playing Dota 2, I didn't know any Russian, now I'm Vladimir Putin. A better language learning software than Rosetta Stone. 69/10, would recommend.
best way to learn russian.
Most fun way to commit social suicide and learn Russian. 10/10.
When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing and better. I stopped making silly and got vastly better at not the enemy . For the part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there the however. As - play DOTA2 , ,  .  !.
DotA 2 Will drain you of your will to keep playing, and yet you will always return. DotA 2 Will make you regret ever playing it, and yet you will always think "Just one more game" DotA 2 Will take away all your free time, and yet you'll almost feel proud of how many hours you have in DotA 2. With the time you spend on this game, you could do all sorts. Study on learning a new set of skills to further your career. You could raise money for charity. You could be an aid worker for a foreign country and help improve the lives of others. You could even just play other games, you know, those ones sitting in your backlog, pushed aside by DotA 2. But you won't. You will always return to this game. The maximum you will learn from playing this game is how to insult others in various languages (mostly these languages will consist of Russian and Peruvian.). This game will become as much a part of your life as eating or blinking. Half the time you will not even remember having played DotA 2 on a certain day. It just becomes natural to you. If you start playing this game, you become addicted. You will also spend obscene amounts of money on cosmetics. A quick chest purchase here, a few random items on the market there, and boom. Like me you'll have spent far too much on a game which needs no money spent on it. If you start DotA 2, not only will you be subjecting yourself to a motivation-destroying hobby, but also subjecting yourself to a wallet emptying one too. tl;dr This game will take away your time, money and patience for others. You will become an angry person. Basically 10/10 GOTY All years.
I've always wanted to go to Russia. To learn the culture, eat and drink and see the sights. But I cannot do that, as it is expensive and I'm busy doing my uni work. But then I found Dota 2. This free learning course teaches you all about Russians and their culture. I can even speak decent Russian! However, these Russian people can get quite angry and annoying. They often shout the phrase "" and bring you to the depths of insanity. I got forced to drink my sorrows away during the beginning of the course, but it was worth it in the end. If you don't have the time and money to travel to Russia, I'd suggest you pick up Dota 2. A fantastic learning resource. 8/10.
This game sucks, you can't even jump.
I have over 4000 hours and I want to kill myself. Thanks icefrog!.
i had a life before i played dota, it ruined my college life after i played dota, i lost my girlfriend bcoz of dota, i gained weight bcoz of dota, i lost my job bcoz of dota, now i am selling my stuff on market bcoz i know i play dota, i want to leave dota but i cant escape playing dota, 9000 hours on my account and i still want to play dota, my beard is big as hell bcoz i play dota, i want to quit,but i cant quit dota, its all true, bcoz it ruined my life bcoz i play dota, Its 25/08/2015 and i still want to play dota, But i have to stop it now but i still i want to play dota, I have health problems bcoz of dota,but still i want to play dota, This is not life but still i want to play dota, I can't have sex bcoz i am fat but still i want to play dota, I tried to be Hindi Caster for India and it Lusts me to play dota, But its High Time and I Have to Quit Dota, I am Finally Deleting this game without backup but my heart still wants dota!! Last But Not Least SO IF U WANT A LIFE,JUST STOP PLAYING DOTA!!.
How most of my solo ranked match goes : 1. Find match, wait for all people to load up 2. Marked middle-lane on my minimap 3. A dude on my team : "Mid or feed !" 4. Be a bigger man and give him mid, then i mark safelane 5. Other dude : "I'm gonna carry, trust me, give me safelane ." 6. Sigh, Mark hardlane and say "I'm going offlane then" 7. Another guy pick BristleBack and said "Just let me offlane !" 8. OMGWTFBBQ ! . Picking support, being a solo support 9. Working my off stackin camps, buying wards, assisting on lanes 10. Have no items because few assist and didn't take any creeps 11. Lose miserably 12. Team said : "GG NOOB SUPPORT NO HELP AT ALL !!" 13. -25 MMR 14. Get Migrane, cries in the shower 11/10 would solo ranked again !.
Just like real-time chess, but everyone is a queen. Some queens shoot lasers, some summon huge Golems and some sing so hard your eardrums burst. Dota 2 is definitely one of the best games of this generation, and I'm certain it will remain as popular and as influnencal for many years to come. Graphics: 8.5/10 Very pretty, the art direction in DotA 2 is one of the best. The source engine ensures you can run it on anything more powerful than a toaster, and have it look great too. Cosmetics look great, and fit perfectly, with some exceptions,(I'm looking at you Alpine Ursa) but many stay true to the heros artstyle. Sound: 9.5/10 All heros have a multitude of voice lines,and some even respond to one another (e.g Tidehunters hatred for Kunnka). If you find the default anouncer not too flash, theres a huge variety of optional packs, from the smoth talking Narrator from bastion, to the harsh condescending tone of Pyrion Flax. Gameplay: 10/10 The big one. Theres a reason DotA Allstars got so popular, not just from the incredible passsion from the community, or the dedication of IceFrog and co., but from the incredible gameplay that spawned one of gamings most popular genres. From perfectly co-ordinating a fountain hook, to getting stuck on top of a cliff accidentally as Storm Spirit, no other genre rivals DotA 2 outstanding strategic gameplay and near-vertical learning curve. At the time of writing, I have 7,469 hours played and I've only just scratched the surface in the combos, stratagy and 107 availble heros to use, it takes year of hard work, dedication and passion to become truly great at the strategical masterpeice that is Dota 2. - beardATTACK @ fren.
Thank goodness I wasn't a virgin before I started playing this otherwise I still would be.
Best rts original DotA strategy game ever.
mid or meepo.
If you're masochistic and enjoy listening to people cuss you out in Portuguese, Spanish, and Russian, you should play. Make sure to set your server settings to US West, US East, and preferred language to English to get the best Portuguese/Spanish/Russian experience.
DOTA 2 is the best in the MOBA class. I've played LoL, DOTA and some lesser known MOBAs and DOTA 2 is by far the best. In addition, it is F2P which is amazing. Unlike LoL or HoN which require you to use a rotating hero list until you buy your own with real money or accumulate enough in-game currency to buy a single hero, DOTA 2 immediately gives you access to its entire library of heroes, for free. The only paid content are cosmetical items that do not change gameplay. Graphics are great. Gameplay is great. Crashes are very minimal. ITS FREE.
As a guy that started playing DotA1 back in 2006, take my words that you'll only be trully able to enjoy this game if you totally dedicate yourself to learn and get better at it in other words, you'll need a lot of TIME to actually enjoy the game. DOTA2 is a very competitive game, where teamwork is everything, and unfortunately a lot of players don't actually care or know about that, and thus making the game a rather difficult experience, especially for new players. New player advice: Read as much as you can on the internet about DOTA2,watch videos, watch tournaments, get as much help as you can.Starting fresh new in a game that has an audience this big with a lot of experienced players is tough, since the majority of the players that will be on your team will expect you to know the game. As a new player you would expect the game to put in a team with other new players, right? Well DOTA2 system doesn't work like that, even if you're a new player, there's still a chance that you'll get in a team with someone who has 2000hours in the game, this games evaluates you in WINrate, and any new account has a rather high Win rate, so it ends up putting you with very experienced players even if they are considered "bad", you most likely won't get in a bracket with ONLY new players. As for playing the game, I would advise you to NEVER play SOLO ranked before actually knowing a huge part of the game, you can play NORMAL matchmaking or even PARTY with your friends, but never actually try to get a SOLO rank, without knowing the game you'll most likely get a very low rank and it's really, really hard to climb from there, so don't make this mistake. Keep in mind this game has a huge community and with that there's a big part of it that consist in toxic players, so it's very common for players in game to start a flame-war and ruin the experience, the best thing to do is open scoreboard and mute those people, this game needs you to be focused on the actual game rather than the people in the chat arguing with each other, even if it means muting all 4 of your teammates, I always say this to my friends "just mute him/them" but they never listen and ends up getting frustrated with the raging guy, don't let those kind of people ruin your game. Best advice for me is, try to be as POLITE as possible, even if you're playing bad, try to get ideas/advices in-game from your teammates like "What Item should I get for my hero?", saying "My bad" or "Sorry" everytime you do something wrong is also good, it makes people understand that you know you did something wrong and they might start helping you in-game.
Dota 2 is like a black hole. It sucks in your time, energy and chance of getting laid. But it's fun to spin around in.
I never thought I would spend so much lifetime in a game that makes me want to kill myself every time I play it.   Please, send help.
I learned to hate people I've never met.
Ruined my life, and made me fail school. 11/10.
ruined my life! 10 /10 best game DOTA2 ! 10/10.
Play at your own risk. - almost died from heart attacks. - a friend tried to kill me in real life. - i lost my job. - my girlfriend left me. - spent too much money on hats, now i'm bankcrupt. - gain too much weight from playing and eating junk food 10/10 would waste my life again.
If you're looking for a League of Legends clone, look elsewhere; if you're looking for a MOBA that you can play for a couple weeks or even months and become good at, look elsewhere. I've been playing Dota 2 for around 10 years since it was DotA, the Warcraft III custom map and I'll tell you right now there's still a lot of room for personal improvement. This game boils down to far more than individual skill, tactics, and teamwork/cooperation. The author of "Three Lane Highway" (see pcgamer.com) has called Dota an "isometric wizard-em up" game, and I think it's fitting. There are so many aspects to this game, so many factors that control the outcome that if you try and sit down and list them all it'll take you a couple hours. And you'll still miss some. I have played pretty much every single "Multi-player Online Battle Arena" on the market, and no matter how interesting they are or what different elements they try to bring to the gameplay, I always end up coming back to Dota. If you want to seriously challenge yourself, and you have the will and motivation to work towards a lofty goal that many are unable to reach, this is the game for you.
1) set server region to Europe West 2) language preference - English only 3) find a match 4) realise that 5 people in your match are russians 5) get reported by them for PICKING riki 6) quit Rating: ca/10.
Great game. 5k+ Hours. Hard to learn. Impossible to truly master. So many possibilities and variables. Teamwork crucial. Time consuming (games can be 40-70 mins long). Watch is great too. Personally Am trying my best to play a lot less because of life responsibilities. Suggest watching rather than playing if you are time poor. Some players can be toxic (ie. Rude or angry). Suggest muting them for an enjoyable experience.
Made me learn russian to better communicate with my fellow russian comrades. > Well Played! 10/10.
This game protects my real life virginity.
The Real Dota 2 Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually incompetently by millions of enslaved passionate fans Russians worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes carries, forming two teams of five players five feeders. Radiant heroes then battle their Dire counterparts to control a gorgeous fantasy landscape, waging campaigns of cunning, stealth, and outright warfare raging in an unknown language and teamfighting with one RAMPAGE victor. Irresistibly colorful on the surface addictive, Dota is a game of infinite depth and complexity which requires, no, infact takes an infinite amount of your life away. Every hero has an array of skills and abilities that combine with the skills of their allies in unexpected ways, to ensure that no game is ever remotely alike that allow players to screw with their allies and get their teams killed. This is one of the reasons that the Dota phenomenon has continued to grow Dota will have more rage quitting and all chat abuse than any other game. Originating as a fan-made Warcraft 3 modification, Dota was an instant underground hit. After coming to Valve, the original community developers have bridged the gap to a more inclusive <- Link NOTE: Original description by Valve, edited by myself.
how the do you play this.
This game is such a ripoff of Mario Party 8.
After being a part of dota 2 community since 2012 when it was not as toxic as it is now i am really sad to give this game a bad review. Not because of gameplay or Community. But for the automated report system this game has which is broken and is abused by kids on the regular. Community as toxic as it is which gives no regards to u but themselves should not be given the priviledge to report someone over false acusations not when the system is automated and the reports that they make are just taken in count never reviewed. This creates a lot of possibilities as people can report u for playing good and o' believe me they will. Today it has come to this point where people are being reported for not sucking in game and are sent to low priority no matter what the cause as cause doesnt really matter when its not looked into. As a dota 2 fanatic i would say this game is a masterpiece even with the community as toxic as it is if u know how to handle it. But if that community is given the power to shove random people into low priority for no real reason i think its high time i leave steam as a whole because they dont understand how the gaming world works and their support are monkeys on the keyboard . As i think Valves new Employees are a bunch of kids as well.
First twenty hours playing this game, got called NOOB for so many times that i went down to my basement and cried daily Second twenty hours playing this game, joined others and called the new guy 'NOO' to avoid being called 'NOO' Third twenty hours playing this, I finally got the courage to call others 'NOO' all by myself Fourth twenty hours playing this game, I finally became mature enough to stop with all the NOOB bs and started to give advice to the other players from atop my mighty throne Overall, DOTA 2 is an addictive, competitive MMO whose community precedes its reputation, almost everyone is downright selfish, everyone only wants more kills to sate their hunger for commendations, which they even beg for. The trick to enjoying it though ? start playing with friends or people you know, make a plan, help your teammates, and CHOOSE A SUPPORT IF YOU SEE THERE ARE NONE ! and reach level 13 and you can play ranked matches, where the people are not much friendlier but will at least help you out. EDIT: oh and always remember to uncheck 'Russia' when selecting servers why ? no reason, just thought i should say that ^^ GODLIKE GAME ! someone kill it (you will get this reference after playing the game) Still good in 2016.
When in a game, if someone type this words : putang ina, bobo, ako mid. Leave the match, don't ever ask why, just do it. This is an important message for everyone, leave the match.
When Bloodseeker gets above a certain move speed he should make Race Car noises.
Game of the Year, All Years.
still cant figure out how to jump.
Causes sleep deprivation and total mental breakdown. 10/10.
Part of my life. 10/10.
Dota 2, where teamwork is laughable and everyone is Russian. 10/10.
The best program for learning the Russian language. 2k17 edit PS. 7.00 sucks.
9/10. Would wait for another player again.
I only played a little but it was fun.
Roses are Red Violets are blue Riki is invisible What the should i do? EDIT:I guess you guys..didn't saw that one coming. 2nd EDIT:MY PEOPLE.i know i need sentries/dust to counter him.no need to say that in the comments.but its always good to know that you people know ^ O ^.
ARE YOU LOOKING TO RUIN YOUR MOOD? MAYBE, YOU HAVE SOME FAITH IN PEOPLE? OR MAYBE YOU ARE JUST A MASOCHIST? NO MATTER WHAT YOUR REASON, I HAVE THE GAME FOR YOU! IT HAS BEEN RATED "THE BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING TOOL ON THE INTERNET." LEARN TO SPEAK SPANISH, RUSSIAN, AND PORTUGUESE. ALL FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF YOUR SELF-ESTEEM AND FAITH IN HUMANITY! AND NOW FOR A LIMITED TIME. LEARN HOW TO BECOME A RACIST IN YOUR FIRST 10 GAMES, GUARANTEED! NOT INTERESTED YET? HAVE A LOOK AT OUR CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS: " THIS WONDERFUL GAME" -SOME INTERNET GUY "WHY DOES IT HURT SO GOOD?" -QUEEN OF PAIN " . .  . ." -P "por qu eres tan tonto? I Informe de novato ti." -Taco IF THAT ISN'T ENOUGH TO GET YOU INTERESTED, FEEL FREE TO TRY IT FOR AS LONG AS YOU CAN HANDLE IT! IF YOU ARE NOT SATISFIED, YOU CAN JUST KEEP TRYING UNTIL YOU ARE. BECAUSE ONCE YOU START, YOU CAN'T STOP! somebody please save me.
Dota 2 is like an abusive relationship. It's not good for you, but you go back to it anyways because it's addicting. You'll lose a game, feel bad, play again, then if you win you'll feel just content. If you lose again, you'll play again. Repeat. There are good moments, there are bad moments, but most of all there are non-english speakers in english servers. Fortunately if you're looking to learn foreign swear words, this is definitely the game for you. 10/10 would cry again.
I used to play LoL, and sunk more money into that game than I care to admit. The great thing about DotA, is EVERY hero is unlocked from the start. LoL has a limited selection of free champions every week, which is fine, but your options are limited during drafting. I found myself buying champs that were popular in the current meta just to compete. I haven't played LoL in months since getting into DotA, how can I? This game is so much more complex (which is daunting at first), but the more you learn and play the better it gets. Every day I learn something new, I try a new hero or two, and it's awesome. Highly recommend checking out http://www.reddit.com/r/learndota2 as well as http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Dota_2_Wiki . http://www.devilesk.com/dota2/apps/interactivemap2/ is a great map. I may have spent more time watching gameplay vids/strats and tournaments than actually playing the game! The in game spectating client is very well done, it even has casters! LoL is just. lol! It doesn't compare.
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definetely recommend. Now take my ramen you .
Its the best. if you have too much friends, and you whant to loose some.
This game ruined my life I recommend everyone to play Dota 2 and not LoL nor HoN. Don't get me wrong, I am not hating or anything. I was from HoN for like 2-3 years before Dota 2 was released and tried LoL and actually enjoyed it for a bit but then went back to HoN. Dota 2 is a great game, an awesome game. I really should have thought about spending money on a free game but to hell with it I say. Mechanics are well designed, what makes a hero OP is the player behind it and the team that surrounds it. This is a team game people, so team work is a must (unless you are solo queuing, then you have to carry your garbage of a team but it can be the other way around). Monster gamers are real. Dota 2 has taught me a lot of things, you can only be good at something if you focus on it, learn from mistakes, be aware of your surroundings, trust your instinct, use common sense, trusting on your team to always have your back, believing in your capabilities, always try to be better than you were yesterday, and that. This game bought me and my friends together for lan parties and strengthen our bonds. A mere game that brings people together, not just friends but complete strangers too. Dota 2 is a game that will never be forgotten. All in all, I recommend this game to everyone who wants to experience pain, suffering, and torment because at the end, you will come to a sudden realization that things are always bound to get better. P.S. Calm down, it's just a game.
.
ruined my life. 10/10.
I don't know how many times I have uninstalled this game.
Hello am 48 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bad englando. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "dota 2" and i want to become the goodest player like DONDI I play with 400 ping on brazil server and i am challenger 2. pls no copy pasterino, this is mi story.
Insalled game, Opened game, Found Match, "was told to pick an ""easy"" hero like sniper or wraith" picked sniper, was told to uninstall, told them to f-off, won game, reported salty nobs(there are plenty) fell in lovewith the game, now have no life and cry myself to sleep at night. awsome more than a game.
Soviet Simulator 2014. According to this game, Russians live everywhere except for Russia itself. Makes you racist towards Russians and if it doesn't do that then you're probably Russian yourself. Gives you an innate aggression towards anyone who doesn't know how to play. Did I mention Russians? Awkward when you realise that Roshan sounds like Russian. GG WP Valve 10/10 Would abandon again.
how many russians can fit into a single game is the real question here.
 game but its alright 10/10 get it again.
Rosetta Stone Simulator. I am now fluent in Russian, Chinese, and Spanish. 10 / 10.
Dota 2 Passive: Lifesteal -- Steals 100% of your whole life. Active: Hyperactivity -- Become hyperactive for the rest of the game due to increased anger, rage, wrath, hatred, indignation, ire and hate. Affects the next match. ~ You cannot die from the health loss. Bonuses: +7 HP degeneration +9 Damage, to self +5 Armor Resistance from physical abuse +15 Attack speed Become a keyboard warrior. +5 Racism per second 10/10. Version changelog (Edits): Version 1.1 - Racism per second (Rps) from 1 Rps to 5 Rps.
Gameplay : 9/10 Graphic : 9/10 Community : -25/10 ( updated, people see this wrong and keep asking me. I wrote" negative 25.") Playing with friends: 11/10 Competitiveness&balance: 11/10 ----------------------------------------INTRO-------------------------------------------------- For those of you who aren't familiar with the MOBA genre, here's a quick explanation. There are two bases, each on opposing corners of the map, and one for each team. The objective is to destroy the opposing team's base. Three roads, or lanes, connect the bases. Low-level units automatically and periodically spawn from each base in groups, and these soldiers travel down the three paths between the bases. As a result, there is always a battle going on in the trio of lanes. In addition, each team has three defensive towers in each lane on their side of the map, totaling nine towers per team. These structures deliver powerful attacks against enemy soldiers and players, but they can be destroyed through significant effort. Because of this, fights tend to center on the towers. All of this happens automatically. Unlike in typical RTS games, you don't have to collect resources, build structures, or train units. You only control your hero, which can level up and acquire a range of upgradeable powers. However, its role might best be described as support for the A.I. soldier units. Players help control the battlefronts and destroy enemy towers in the lanes. The idea is to to open your opponent's base up to a direct attack by the A.I. and hero once the towers in a lane are gone. There are five players per team, which of course doesn't divide into the three lanes equally. When a player dies, he respawns at the team's base after a penalty period.   ----------------------------------------Pro&Con--------------------------------------------- PROS 1, All At Your Fingertips players have access to ALL of the game's heroes from the start. No need to unlock or purchase heroes. ( poor LOL) 2, Snowball Easily dying results in a loss of gold, can magnify the effects of snowballing(Buyback system can make sure you don't lose a game with just one mistake). 3, Huge Variety of Cosmetics and Skins players can customize individual parts of their heroes from both valve and community. (weapons, armor, helmets, etc.). 4, Custom Game Support players can build their own custom games within Dota 2 (Pudge Wars, Tower defenses, Racing, Battleships, and more!) 5, Skill-Based and Competitive similar to LoL, Dota 2 is heavily reliant on a player's skill, is very competitive, and has a large e-Sports scene. CONS: 1 , Dota directly affects on your life (social life) 2 , Time consuming( Avg about 45 min per game + additional queuing time(about 3-10 mins depends on your region)) 3 , Hard for newbies ( up to 500 hrs bot practices at least ---usually about 800 hrs) 4 , hbp due to rage (you may having 3 r e t a r d s and peru feeder/feeders on your side of team) ---------------------------------------ADDITIONS--------------------------------------------- Don't spend too much money on treasures. All the rare items can be purchased through community market if you feel like you are not gonna get any of rare sets.
The reason I hate russia now. 10/10.
When Putin invades the Ukraine and World War 3 starts, this game will be the reason why so many people from all around the world will gladly pick up arms against the Russians.
Hi. I only recommend you this game if you love MOBAs, but I didn't like MOBAs and now I have 1200 hours in it. I was a COD player, an MW2 player. Of course you will not be ''pro'' in your first matches. To be good you need a lot of training. If you played LoL and you have 30 lvl its sure you know the "basics". In this game the most important thing is the "Last Hitting" at the start, because if you have more gold and XP than your enemy, you own the game. The game may be boring, but if you have friends it won't be. I think the boring part is the first 13 lvl because you can't play some gamemodes before that. If you are new here you need to complete the training! If you are totally new here completing the training will get you a Sniper set. No the setts doesn't give you any bonus, just the enemy can see how rich you are. These decorative items have degree: Common, Uncommon, Rare, Mythical, Immortal, Old and Arcane. This items can be Normal, Auspicious, Heroic, Cursed and Unusual. So these were the decorative items lets talk about the in-game items! You start with 625 gold each hero have their own item build. I recommend you the Healing Slave, Tango and clarity items, this items will fill your HP or your mana. If you are new or never played that hero before i recommend you the guides (Up left the book icon). I recommend you the builds or builds. Thank you for reading this review. #P3D0'#Hungarian#DotA2fan.
Dear Boys & Girls! The most fantastic game that improves skillset used in everyday life! After a couple of hours I already got the hang of the game. It is a real rewarding piece with a beautiful community that is keen on helping you improve and unleash your hidden potential. Even though I've achieved the highest Badge possible in the game (which is also a great and original idea to somewhat categorize players), I am still reminded day-by-day that I'm pretty new to the game and I should focus on polishing my skills, which is a huge help since I am somewhat a maximalist. The Dev Team is amazing and fast to reply in cases of bugs, broken things throughout the game that would otherwise alter the potential outcome of important Ranked Matches. I would highly recommend it to people thinking about taking up a semester abroad or such since it does help You enourmously when it comes to foreign languages. After just 2 years I was fluent in Russian and Spanish even though I have never taken a class before and this allowed me to travel to St Petersburg and Barcelona taking my language skills to the next level. It's easy to make friends, people have no prejudice when it comes to your Badge, Divine (highest rank in the system) players play with Heralds (lowest rank in the system) and enjoy spending some free time with their fellow bratushki. I would also like to thank Valve for the amazing support towards amateur and semi-professional teams, the sponsoring of various national tournaments all over the globe and the ability to connect with each other in real life through this amazing franchise. - The game rewards You trying really hard to win games and works on pushing you even further. The higher your impact in games, the lower impact people it will match with you, resulting in you having to push even harder. Amazing! - Understand people from all over the globe through simple words, hieroglyphs, and ancient text. Being able to acquire and share information in a new and intuitive way. - Some people take the role of the good soldier and some that of the leader. With Power however comes Great Responsibility. You are ready to make calls and lead your team towards victory? Keep in mind that you will also be accounted for the consequences of a miscall. But in the end you will become more daring and even better at leading with example! - The more you play the more advanced you become and analysis, prediction and understanding of movement and thoughts of people you have never met before. Paired with your glorious Communication Skills you will be able to share and respond to any situation. You will effectively be able to see the future as it is! - While most games are circa 30 minutes long, in some games you spend a wonderful 1,5 hrs time together with 9 other nice people who you learn to know during this experience. The longer the game lasts however, the harder it becomes since any small mistake you make can be the end of the struggle. You acquire the ability called Laser Focus: eyes on the goal, maximum efficiency, 0 error factor. High level players have iron nerves! - As human beings we must understand that sometimes we win and sometimes we learn. After lost games we still are eager to learn from our mistakes, commend the people that accounted for the win on the opposing team and pat the weaker players on the back. Standing up after a failure is a key factor in creating something new, in evolving. DotA is a major enhancement in this area. Give it a try, enjoy your time and who knows we might meet in game! ;) Cheers,.
Imagine yourself trapped in a sewer swimming around eating nothing but turds your entire life, each turd represents an average public game. Now imagine after all of those turds you go to eat the another one and to your surpise it is a chocolate bar, it is the best feeling in the world. That chocolate bar represents those occasional games where everyone is evenly skilled and tastes so good that you continue eating turds just hoping for that next chocolate bar.
this game ruined my life.
I learnt how to insult people in russian. 11/10.
IN MOTHER RUSSIA B MEANS PUSH.
Dota 2 then: "MMR is just a number" Dota 2 now: "MMR is just a medal".
Much worse than any drug out there and it ruined my life. 11/10.
This game cured my erectile dysfunction. xaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa.
Playing this game on US East made my Spanish grade rise from a B- to A. 10/10 Best language learning tool.
I really like this game. It was the first MOBA i've ever played, and I love it. It was hard at first, but the more I played it i got and better. I think what really helped people that helped me along . Sure, fair share of bad apples, . I would  , played it. ,  ,  . 10.
So, here are some limericks about Dota 2 that may help you decide whether to play or not. Sorry in advance There once was a man named zeus His team put him mid on the loose He could totally But had no escape and so he got ganked like a moose One time Pugna I tried to play But forgot that there is no way To get more than five health Without massive wealth And bounty hunter stuck his peepee in my bum over and over and over and I cried Sometimes if there is a dragon You need to purchase a dagon And then you go ZAP And all 'cross the map People made the excuse they were laggin' Nyx nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx Nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx nyx nyx Nyx nyx nyx nyx Nyx nyx nyx nyx nyx Nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx nyx nyx There once was a brave little feller Who wanted to be the best speller But he was russian And people are 's So now he lives in a cellar There once was a brave little a bear Who smoked into Roshan's lair So hard he tried But he got bashed and died And now his team is giving him the glare If you play dota beware Because it's sometimes a pit of dispair Advice you will heed But your teem will still feed And then you will switch to solitair So I just wasted a solid 25 minutes making jenky limericks about dota. Just play the game, it's awesome.
I fail my exams, I almost lost communication with my family and friends.became lifeless and reached 2k+ hours on Dota 2 and still have no regrets. 11/10 would die playing for this game. FYI this game is worst than drugs. Once you get in, your never coming back.
Good game <3.
SAD PLAY DOTO HAPPY PLAY DOTO SICK PLAY DOTO EVERYTIME PLAY DOTO ONCE IN CANT LEFT DOTO BEST GAME EVER.
I only played it for a little bit. It's ok I guess.
10/10 russian language simulator.
This game made me think one thing. If you don't speak English you don't deserve a computer. 10/10.
Hourly reminder to stay hydrated, bros.
Report Player Simulator 2014.
Best Play Games with Russians simulator I've ever played.
Dota2 community is seriously the best I've ever seen for my entire life. They're so concerned with us players to the point that they ask are you blind, are you stupid? Never in my life have I've seen someone who asked me such thing, it touched my heart. They're legit concerned that if I'm blind and stupid, probably they wan't to take me to the hospital if I really am. They even suggest to delete the game as I'm playing it too much! Best!.
You: STUN NOW!!!! Teammates:  ,    ,  .  , .      .
Supporting in dota 2 is like chemistry If it's easy you're doing it wrong.
You should buy some hats.
I think players of this game keep sharing my mothers private number, everyone seems to have had sex with her. Oh yea and about the game.Very good.
Really great game. If you love racing games that focus on realism and physics, this is the game for you. Has over 100+ cars to race with. Usually a 10 man race to the finish. Alot better then Forza.
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
Thought you liked Russians? Hahahahahahahahahahaha!.
I dont want to play again with russians. 10/10 would sooka again.
while the rest of you picked carry my eyes became teary i bought that donkey i bought those wards 4 tangos and 3 branches are all i got i did those pull i did those deny but wtf you just died the mid pudge wants me to ward the runes but the donkey is still crawling they call me noob for not buying wards but a gold per second is all i get and i dont even have my boots yet.
Pros: -Learned Russian -Learned %99 of entire world are Russians -Learned how to communicate with emoticons -Learned how to get trolled -Learned how to avoid RANKED button -Learned world is not fair -Learned C Y K A btw. Cons: -C Y K A.
Honestly, I really don't know what to say. I've been playing dota2 for a year and it has taught me a lot. Being able to play with your friends is something one can't fanthom. Meeting new people is like a dream come true. It's like a step out from your comfort zone. I love dota2 and its adventures. Collecting cute items like couriers and cute cm sets. It really gives you a sense of value. What I dislike about dota2 is its updates. That would be all.
Things I gave to DotA: 1. Money 2. Time 3. Love Things DotA gave me: 1. Arthritis 2. Carpal tunnel syndrome 3, Hatred of Russians, Mexicans, Spanish, Finnish, and Russians 4. Broken keyboard 5. Broken mouse 6. 9/10 ready 7. Server crashes 8. 4 stacks of Russians in EUW servers on English prefrence settings 9. Ranked matches 10. Free to play but Pay to win games (I.E. - Foreseer's contract, New Bloom 2015) 11. "It's in the bag" spam (especially Skywrath) 12. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing? 13. Split second math - Reliable/Unreliable gold and gold loss on death vs. Buyback availability - This is good too Essentially - DotA is a greedy woman, but I love her all the same. 11 / 10 would play again Update: Since posting this review back in Feb 2015, a lot has changed in the game. Some of this is irrelevant to the game today. Also, don't take what is wirtten here personally. Update 2: To all whom think that I copied this off someone else's review, look at the date at which my review was posted and then look at the others. I find it funny that people like my review so much they plagiarize it. Just so you know, I wrote it while on the toliet. :^).
Bad community but great game.
I feel myself becoming more Russian every time i play this game. 10/10.
Are you having a great day? Dota can fix that! Do you enjoy playing games with your friends? Dota can fix that too!.
Hats. Russians. Peruvians. Racism. Screaming. Teamwork. Friends. Lost friends. Strategy. F2P. Contests. Victory. Loss. Addictive. Yeah, I think I'll reccomend this game. 12/10.
I wish from the very deep of my heart for every single feeder/toxic player/match ruiner to get CANCER FOR REAL AND DIE AND ROT SLOWLIE WITH A PAINFUL AGONY!!!.
Every team consists of 5 people: 1.You 2.Russian Guy 3.Another Russian Guy 4.Russian Guy who speaks English 5. A 6 year old kid who slept with your mother 11/10 Too much Salt and * @,not enough Kurvva Would love to take another dose of salt and punch my little brother (same review for CSGO and DOTA2 because they have that in common).
So much fun that you'll lose your mind and before you know it you've spent 2000 hours on it and you're left an empty shell of the person you were. This game is not for the faint hearted. You will be abused, beaten, broken, griefed, tormented and hated on the entire time, and yet you can't stop playing because of the high you get when you win an 80 minute comeback game against mega creeps and divine rapiers. This must be how drug addicts feel. But is it worth it? Dota 2 takes sane men and turns them into vile despicable human beings and you have to play with and against such people on a regular basis. To win you must now become captain of the SS dumbf**k and somehow try to convince your teammates fighting the enemy team and not their own is in their best interest.It's also got he highest concentration of DunningKruger patients in the entire online gamming community. Valve's terrible low priority system doesn't help. Assuming you're a masochist and you aren't deterred by all of the above, you get to experience probably the best free online multiplayer game on the planet. With dota 2 you get.. 115 heroes, 100+ items,hundreds of 5 hero strategies, tens of thousands of lane matchups and infinite replayability. You can and will spend years just learning about each of them. Dota 2 has a thriving pro scene with the international giving out the biggest prize pools in all of esports and many regular sports. New patches and compendiums keep the gameplay fresh for most of the year. The latest international had a 95.5% pick rate of heroes which is a testament to how well the game is balanced. And if you're a gambling man, dota 2 is just the game for you. Introducing more lootboxes than any other game you've ever seen! Want literally any cosmetic in the game? Well there is a lootbox with your name on it waiting to be opened gabeN. Just remember no matter how good you get at dota, you're never good enough.and you'll end up chasing the mirage of a high mmr and good players while trodding though mud and $h1t and you never realize it's not real till you're in too deep.
---{Graphics}--- You forget what reality is Beautiful Good Decent Bad Dont look too long at it Paint.exe ---{Gameplay}--- Addictive like heroin Very good Good Its just gameplay Mehh Starring at walls is better Just dont ---{Audio}--- Eargasm Very good Good Not too bad Bad Earrape ---{Audience}--- Kids Teens Adults Average Solitare Players ---{PC Requirements}--- Check if you can run paint Potato Decent Fast Rich boiiiiii Ask NASA if they have a spare computer ---{Difficulity}--- Just press A Easy Significant brain usage Easy to learn / Hard to master Difficult Dark Souls ---{Grind}--- Nothing to grind Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks Isnt necessary to progress Average grind level Too much grind Youll need a second life for grinding ---{Story}--- Story? Text or Audio floating around Average depends an DLC Good Lovley Itll replace your life ---{Game Time}--- Long enough for a cup of tea Short Average Long To infinity and beyond ---{Price}--- There is no price Worth the price If u have some spare money left Not recommended You could also just burn your money ---{Bugs}--- Never heard of Minor bugs Can get annoying Assassins Creed: Unity The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs.
BEST GAME FOR MY ANGER MANAGEMENT Wow is this game relaxing! It is a team game, 5v5. Every teammate I've ever had has been great, nice, and friendly! Everyone chooses the correct classes based on previous selections. Everyone know English. Everyone has a microphone and helps out! I would reccomend this game to anyone and everyone that has massive anger issues because WOW is this game fun and NEVER gets me angery EVER. EVERYONE is GREAT. I ING LOVE THIS GAME. I ING THIS GAME, ING CALL YOUR MISSINGS YOU MORON PEICE OF TRASH WOW DID YOU JUST ULT THAT CREEP WHY ARE YOU GOING MIDDLE AS AXE.
After nearly 6000 games, which means ~ 20000 unique teammates and 25000 unique opponents, I can personally certify and guarantee that at least 80% of these people are not worthy of the air they breathe or the water they drink. This game is a testament to how the vast majority human beings possess selfishness beyond limits and stupidity beyond measure. The community of this game is evidence that we truly live with a "coddled generation" of children who were raised to believe that they are special and unique and superior to all other people and can literally do no wrong. The vast majority of people who play this game would benefit greatly from having the beaten out of them.
Blame simulator 2014 10/10.
I speak Fillipino fluently after 2 weeks of playing it. 20/10.
Human misery in video game format.
One of the worst games ever. I respect it a lot. I hate this game. I play it every day.
Best MOBA out there!.
best game ever <3.
Heroes are Free 10/10.
I don't care about Dota 2. Never did, but I always loved to play as the Paladin in Warcraft 3 (Reign of Chaos and The Frozen Throne) in battle.net solo ladder matches. If you played ladder in that game, you know that nobody selects the Paladin as their main or even secondary hero. I obviously lost a lot, but I had fun. Then the custom maps (5 corridors, footmen rush, dota, etc) came out where I could play as a single hero. I enjoyed those maps a lot since I could victoriously play as the Paladin. So when Dota 2 came out and it had the Paladin in it, I was all in! In all my hours played in Dota 2 I only played as Omniknight. I already stopped playing this game since it was time to move on, but I couldn't just leave my Paladin without saying goodbye so I created my Omniknight guide where I just opened my soul and let the juices flow. That Dota 2 Steam guide is now on page 1 (out of 4000 pages) of "Top Rated All Time".
2700 play hours still suck at this game once u uninstal this game, more easier to install it again even if u try hard to not play this game, u still watch dota wtf on youtube..
Ultimate Russian Simulator 2014.
Dota 2 - Russian Language Simulator 41 / 10.
DOTA 2 is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena, that adopted most of its mechanics from the original DOTA Mod of Warcraft 3. Now, let's come to some of its features: - --> Once you understand the basics, and become good at the game (oh wait, everyone of us is a noob) , you will soon have a huge backlog of other games. :P --> Basically hat simulator. --> Can cause rage, anxiety and affect your mental state. (too many , griefers) --> You make 1000 good moves in a game, and you won't be recognized. Go feed once and get reported. --> You will start putting aside other priorities. Ty Dota2. --> To sum it up, it has a community like most other MOBAs, unless you are insanely good at the game. 10/10 Recommended! Best game ever played!.
You cost your team the game. Not the guy who went AFK for 30 minutes to chase a goat. Not the person who charged the enemy zerg group alone. Not the idiot who attacked Roshan by themselves. You. It is always your fault. Play this with a set group of people you know and trust. Otherwise you shall be thrown into a community where everyone hates eachother, they all think you are the worst player ever even if you are the best on the team, and are never ever responsible for their own screw-ups. Seriously. the sheer volume of rage I have seen players show in this game is unlike anything I've seen anywhere else. I stay away from this game now not because it is bad, but because ragey people ruin my fun. If you can get past this. it's actually a pretty decent game. You have been warned. o_o.
I originally played Dota when it was merely a UMS on WC3, so take this review for what it's worth. Dota 2 is an addictive experience; however, this game also draws a player base from the bottom of society. If that statement is an insufficient description of the game, continue reading. This game is not for the casual gamer, this game is for those who have the capability to log in hundreds of hours into a game. If you play this game, I can attest that there will be times you love it and times you just want to break your monitor with your keyboard. I have a few hundred hours into the game and no matter how long you play, no matter what you do, you will encounter someone who will complain about something you're doing poorly or not doing correctly and it may ruin the gameplay for you. I can only recommend this game if you have thick skin or you have friends to play with. So here are what I consider the pros and cons of the game: Pros -This is a very intricate strategy based game that relies heavily on teamwork and timing. -Free to play with optional cosmetic costs. -Gameplay always varies due to each individual hero selection. This, in effect, increases replayability tremendously. -Wonderful voice actors with interesting dialogue choices by the developer. -Winning matches in this game often triggers the release of dopamine in the reward center in your brain creating the desire to play more. This in effect causes players to really want to win and may be the trigger of many cons of the game. Cons -This game has a steep learning curve, believe me, there is way more to this game than you might think at first glance. Unlike hero customization in League of legends, not all heroes are created equal and not all ward placements are either. It can be a little intimidating to think that your team is already at a disadvantage from the hero selection, but thus is DOTA. -Secondary to the steep learning curve, games tend to be won or lost by the actions of an individual on either team. This can be ameliorated by steam implementing some sort of "fundamentals of gameplay" video instead of the current lackadaisical tutorial they have. Suffice to say, many new players do not understand that every time their hero is killed by the opposing team, the player loses gold and the other team gains gold. This doubles the impact that each individual has for gameplay. -Unlike other video game developers, Steam does not region lock. This brings about an unforeseen consequence where individuals from any country can join any server despite having a language preference. You can imagine how difficult it is to create a coordinated cohesive team push when there's a Russian only speaker, Spanish only speaker and a Portuguese only speaker on the US WEST server. -Blame is a word that is thrown around in this game like the word inequality is thrown around in America. Unfortunately, this is by far the worst aspect of the game. The game community has very little to no interaction prior to gameplay or thereafter and there is no review conversation on what an individual can do to improve in the future. More often than not, an individual will oversimplify the ongoing team loss to 1 action by 1 individual because of time constraints and heated emotions. -There is no team forfeit vote option in game and often you are sitting there for 10-20 minutes as the other team wastes your time despite securing a victory much earlier. This review is from personal experience and your gameplay may vary. Of course, if you do meet someone ingame who is a decent person, be sure to commend them at the end of the match for their ingame courtesy. Final Rating: -Game 9/10 -Game community 3/10.
One of the most addicting games I've ever played, paired along with one of the worst online communities I've ever seen.
Not even joking. The only time I didn't have a Russian player in the lobby was when I was playing on the Russian servers.
This game is really great. Bots perform extremely realistic, almost eliminating the point in playing vs real humans. -Bots will ignore you when you ping a hero. Just like humans. -Bots will steal your farm. Just like humans. -Bots will 1v5 the enemy. Just like humans. -Bots will ignore enemies taking Roshan. Just like humans. -Bots will not ward. Just like humans. (supposedly this has been "fixed") 11/10 Additions by others: Bots aren't human, just like russians. > Topkek comment Depy the Pie-Ro - Bots will ignore when you get ganked, just like humans. Enlightened one - Bots will also go into rosh alone and sit there until they die not even hitting him (just like humans). DrewTylerJ - Bots will miss skillshots. Just like humans. MasterJonah - Bots will forget that runes exist. Just like humans. Top Hat - Bots will always pick the same heroes. Just like humans. - Bots will always troll. Just like humans. Stinkyboy - Bots will buy divine and throw game. Just like humans. Kotaro Minami - Bots only pick carries. Just like humans. Dingbat - Bots use healing items on themselves when you're nearby at 5 health. Just like humans. SYN | Chaotic - Bots will never say anything helpful. Just like humans. NoHopeHere. - Bots run away during teamfights. Just like humans. Pizza sensei - Bots are jerks, just like humans. #- Bots go rambo in a team fight. Just like humans. ~M. Mch~ - Bots waste their ults before the clash. Just like humans. Boi slenddeir - bots will always camp. just like humans. Compass- Bots don't know how to play as a team. Just like humans. Amarak - Bots will always instapick without even asking what other will pick, just like humans. Xexiter -Bots will play the hero wrong. Just like humans. Sir Voltage - Bots will ignore you. Just like humans. Bots will charge a low HP enemy in the range of an enemy tower, just like humans.
Ingredients Original recipe makes 1 8x8-inch panChange Servings For the shortbread crust: 1 cup all-purpose flour 1/2 cup unsalted butter at room temperature 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract 1/4 teaspoon salt For the lemon layer: 2 large eggs 1 large egg yolk 1 cup white sugar 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest 1 teaspoon confectioners' sugar, or to taste Directions 1. Place an oven rack into middle position in oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly oil an 8x8-inch baking dish. 2. Place 1 cup flour and butter in a mixing bowl and mash with the back of a spatula or wooden spoon until thoroughly combined. Mix in 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract, and salt; mash mixture together until mixture looks like a slightly crumbly cookie dough. 3. Moisten your fingers with a little water and press dough into bottom of prepared baking dish. Use a fork to prick holes all over the crust. 4. Bake crust on center rack in the preheated oven until crust edges are barely golden brown, 22 minutes. 5. Beat eggs and egg yolks together in a bowl; whisk in white sugar and 2 tablespoons flour until smooth. Add lemon juice and lemon zest; whisk for 2 minutes. Pour lemon custard over crust. 6. Bake on center rack until custard is set and top has a thin white sugary crust, 25 minutes. Let cool completely before cutting into bars. Dip knife into very hot water, run around the edge, and cut into 16 squares. Dust cookies with 1 teaspoon confectioners' sugar. Russian edit*.
Game is okay but I still haven't done all the quests! EDIT: Hahaha I never read the comments on this :D really hilarious! Mostly that I dont have a life and stuff, I'm happy to be informed of this! People that worry that I dont see the sun, I'm swedish, there's no sun to begin with so dont worry. People thinking I wasted 10000+ hours of my life, well this is my fulltime job for the last 3 years, streaming dota. I had great fun and made a sustainable income, just like anyone else who loves their job.
Whenever you search for a Dota game a plane flys over Russia and picks 9 random civilians.
a fun game with friends :D.
Welcome to a game a false promises, now leave, before you get addicted. This game will ruin your personality, cause you to drift into a limbo state between insanity and reality, and make you lose all hope in the nature of the human race. No matter how good you will ever be, you are always trash. Think otherwise? Something that a trash player would say. The learning curve is infinite, nobody has ever completely mastered the game. Your individual skill is ranked and measured in a system that only counts your win/loss in a game where 5 players must work together to win. Don't bother narrowing your search results, all the Rusperu's are pretty much the same. Welcome to Dota, you're trash, now unistall you ing . 0/10.
After over 3000 hours of gameplay, I can safely sum Dota 2 up in two words: THE TRENCH (aka Forced Fifty) You will win. You will lose. You will improve your skill, but you will never improve your score.  --wait for it--  No. Matter. What. Why? Because of THE TRENCH / ForcedFifty. -The better you get at this game, the worse your teammates will be. This is not a paradigm, it is mechanically programmed into the game. -If you can carry 1 idiot on your team, the game will handicap you with 2. Skilled enough to carry 2? After a few games you will get 3. Hardcore enough for 3? Now you get FOUR-ever. -Your teammates will -- i you not go out of their way to lose on purpose. You picked another carry because it seemed logical? Well guess what, I got a few replays that will show crybabies throwing the game so you cant compete for thier spotlight. This is the only game where teammates ENJOY LOSING because it means they can bring you down to their garbage level. -People literally buy and sell accounts off MMR because of teammates and you will be a guinea pig in their money making ponzi schemes. Have fun wasting hours of your time on 4k MMR (the alleged decent tier) while you witness first hand feeders lose you the game minute by minute. I could have been a doctor with those 3000 hours.
The dawn of a new era.
Rat Doto Best Doto.
If u want cancer, go play it.
PERFECT WAY TO LEARN RUSSIAN! 11/10.
Dota 2 ranks among few titles that can be classified as truly free-to-play. While many other titles label themselves with this distinction, there are often convenience purchases or some form of power available for real money transactions. While Dota 2 has an extensive cash shop, all offerings are completely cosmetic. HUD options, voice packs and character costumes form the basis of a store lacking even an iota of power or convenience for purchase. All gameplay elements are absolutely free and do not require collection or usage of any kind of in-game currency. Once a player has determined that theyre ready to commit to a steep learning curve and potential negative interactions with teammates (Again, learn with friends to reduce this aspect), Dota 2 is incredibly enjoyable and possibly one of the best multiplayer games ever made. Every match is different, and watching perfect team fight execution is gaming art. Players have access to a huge range of hero styles and the interactions between teammates and foes are incredibly diverse. Its twenty to forty-five minutes of gladiatorial bliss, the end result carefully orchestrated from the first enemy tap to the final crushing blow. Dota 2 can be experienced and enjoyed at multiple levels of engagement, and its a title that rewards users for a deep dive. Heavy investment, heavy reward. The barrier to entry isnt quite as bad as it was years ago, but it would be disingenuous to say that the game doesnt have a colossal learning curve. As a free-to-play title readily available on Steam, it offers players a frictionless doorway but the challenge may be keeping new players interested and willing to commit to the epic journey that is learning, playing, and enjoying Dota 2. The game is in a strong place right now. Its rewarding and sociable like few other games, and despite its vast popularity it still feels like a secret waiting to be discovered. The next few months will be crucial: its currently the best expression of Valves progressive attitude towards players, and if it can continue on that track it describes a future for online gaming that is far more hopeful than the one were used to. Just remember to spend your starting cash, and make sure someone buys the courier. Oh, and when Riki starts showing up in your games, just get some Sentry Wards down and don't run away. Also, you always want a Bottle when in mid-lane, and runes spawn at 0:00 and again every two minutes. Practice last-hitting before you go online. And if you're jungling, memorise where the low-level Creeps are. Actually, you know what? Forget all that. Just have fun. 4 out of 5.
Choose in which Russia you want to play today: -Mother Russia -American Russia -Asian Russia -African Russia -Europe West Russia -Europe East Russia Choose with which Russians you want to play today: -Native Russians -American Russians -Asian Russians etc.etc. 11/10 would Russia again!.
The people who thumbed up this comment are frequent browsers of /r/dota2smut.
Quick guide to be racist: 1.-) Install Dota 2.
The day I became a man was the day I started playing Dota.
I played on EU West, and set my language option to English. I now speak 5 different languages.
cancer 5 years later, over 4500 hours spent edit: still cancer.
They told me to get a life, so I took theirs. I'm sorry, Master, it won't happen again.
It's like hardcore drug use and it destroys lives. Give it a go, what's the worst that could happen? Well, you could be here 1000 game hours later hating yourself as you queue for another all pick. Send help. As in TP bottom because they're five manning.
I guess I have to review this game because I've banked so many hours into it. I'll keep it brief. Dota 2 is probably the most frustrating game ever created. Your team will let you down constantly, the enemy team will consistently pick the heroes you hate playing against the most, you will never get the hat drops you want, and your own mind and body will frequently betray you and make you contend with the fact that you are not nearly as good as you think you are (or, more likely, force you to live in a fantasy dream world where you are as good as you think you are and just blame your teammates some more). It'll turn you into a monster and destroy your life. It'll murder your loved ones and feed them to you. But you'll play it anyway. You'll ragequit and uninstall and stare at your library of games as the creeping realization sweeps over you that you not playing Dota 2 will not effect the universe in even the smallest way, will have no conceivable effect on anything. You will be filled with a sudden dread that nothing you do matters and life has no meaning. Basically the same feeling you get when you play Dota 2. And Dota 2 will be your only distraction from this dessicated husk of a life. So the next day you'll find yourself drawn back into it like a moth to a flame, staving off the moment when you'll have to face your demons for as long as you can. You will probably die alone some day and nobody will remember how high your MMR was or your sunstrike accuracy. So what are you waiting for, you worthless peons?! Get out there and dance! DANCE FOR THE PUPPETMASTER GABE! GO EARN YOUR HATS, YOU CRAVEN MONGRELS! 0/10 would not recommend to anyone but can't stop playing and won't be able to stop you either.
700 New interface is WAY too small, did they test it on 2005 monitors or something? New GUI ruined the game, lost probably more than half the player base, no more synergy in GUI and atmosphere is gone from dota! Don't know why they changed it like this maybe they don't want to make any money anymore? Does Valve want to quit supporting Dota 2 in favor of new MOBA maybe? Skip this game for now it has became tainted (BAD). edit november 2017, it became even worse After the most recent major update, they changed the game to LoL 2.0, this is not Dota anymore. End of an era for one of the best moba games. To bad some LoL players have taken over Valve and started to simplify the whole game.
This Game taught me so much. How to Curse in Russian. How to Curse in Spanish. How to in Russian. How to Curse in French. How to Curse in Dutch. in Russian How to Curse in Chinese. How to Curse in Portuguese.  . This game has truly enlightened me.
If you like to watch the hours of your youth drip away like sand through an hour glass, then this is the game for you. If you like watching snotty know it all's get crushed in all too ironic ways by the enemy, then this is the game for you. If you like the sweet sting of success being ruthlessly snatched away from you as the enemy ploughs through your advance on their base like a warm knife through butter, then this game is for you. If you like low level intensity games, where even if you lose, your pride stays intact, or games that don't have you swearing like a Tarantino film at the screen over the smallest thing.then this game is not for you. Dota2 is like cyber cocaine.
How to fix 7.00 >Right click on Dota 2 >Delete Local Game Content >Delete. Fixed! =====Seriously========(Updated!12/20/2016) Does Valve hate us? I mean, they could have fixed A LOT of issues, or just forget that community exists and leave it like that, but they've just ignored that there's still a lot of players playing on Laptops without a GPU with a crapy fps and ed everything up. What have you done Valve? Such a disrespect! =====Update========= Ok fps is normal again, Thanks Valve! Now go there and increase the size of that icons, so you can get your thumbs up and work on a new frustration.
The game teaches you how to destroy your life in less than a week.
Will make you hate everyone who doesn't speak english. 5/5.
This game cost me my job, my girlfriend and brung out a horrible side of me I never knew existed. Good job Valve :D.
7.0.0 After 4000 hours playing dota 2 it was deleted. Goodbye dota 2 those 4000 hours was fun time.
What is even going on in this ing game.
Can we have the old patch back? I pay for it hahah To many changes in Patch 7.00!!!!! Why change Dota 2 in a new Game? I hate the new game. i think the rune and big map change was to much!!! Fix pls *CRY*.
Best Soviet Union Simulator out there.
My captain picked me meepo against earthshaker, lich and ember spirit 10/10 would play again.
They took my favorite game and gave it hats. 10/10.
Ruins my life 10/10.
I uninstall this game. got my life back.
Brain enhancing game but we all know it destroyed our lives.
TOO. MANY. RUSSIANS.
WHY HAVE I DONE THIS edit: 20/1/2018: this game sucks, if you run a Viper/Silencer dual offlane i hope u burn in hell tbh.
Learn Russian for free. 10/10. Better than Rosetta Stone.
The most annoying, frustrating, ADDICTIVE game that i've ever played. This game will make you smash your keyboard, throw your mouse agains the walls, scream like a child in front of the computer and most important RAGE like your life depends on that game. But the next day you will still play it with a new keyboard and mouse like nothing happened. I don't know if i should recommend this game or not :).hmm i think i should.
League of Legends has the spanish, this has the russians. These two games have brought out a racist side in me that I never thought existed. While having 1000+ hours played in LoL, and developing a strong hatred for the spanish and any other culture that speaks something close to spanish, this game has also made me develop a hatred for the russian community. As you can see, I've only played 50 odd hours of this game at the time this review was made, but if I had to add at least ONE positive note to this review, its this. I've mananged to learn russian in only a few hours, grasping the most important phrase, " ". This phrase runs through my mind, every day of every minute. I sometimes even say it to myself in my head IRL when I see someone doing something moronic. This game is a russian weapon developed by Putin himself to enslave the world, along with the help of whatever leader Brazil has right now. While most of the friends I play with play LoL, I quit that in order to seek refuge from the spanish epidemic there is over there, but instead, have been sucked into this South America/Russian racism simulator wasting most of the extra money I have on steam to buy cosmetic items for heroes I've just played. I never liked history when in school, I hated it, with a passion, just like the Americans with their hatred for the Russians. This game has taught me everything I need to know on why to hate russia, how to hate russia and question the very existance of that country based on the ape like intelligence that I've seen coming from the country. In short, if you've always been a saint in your life, never swore, never hated another culture, never thought of abusing everyone you know that doesn't speak english that well, then I'd suggest not playing MOBA's entirely, all jokes aside. If cancer had to be a game, this would be it. Without a thought. What valve has done, is develop a way of making World War 3 possible. Along with the help of Putin, and his various ape test subjects that I've encountered in the game. 11/10 would keep playing.
As this was my first MOBA game, my first few hours were spent hearing people calling me bad, insulting my mom, and questioning my sexuality. Now after 1000+ hours, I can safely tell others they are bad, tell them to uninstall, and call them ugly. 10/10 game is satisfying after learning.
Its a fun game, but it will tear your soul out if you aren't careful. Also a free but rather rage inducing Roseta Stone. Learn up to 6 languages today!.
Spent 4k hours on this game, I could have finished another graduation with this time.
Three things are infinite: the universe, Russians on west Europe servers and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. Albert ''CY-KA'' Einstein.
This game makes me want to kill myself.
This game is the best dress up game since Hello Kitty Online Adventure.
Simply the most realistic international relations simulator on the market.
U can play any game from steam but in the end u will return to dota.
As this was my first MOBA game, my first few hours were spent hearing people calling me bad, insulting my mom, and questioning my sexuality. Now after 1000+ hours, I can safely tell others they are bad, tell them to uninstall, and call them ugly. 10/10 game is satisfying after learning.
I'm only talking from my experience in pubs. It feels gratifying when you win. It feels frustrating when you lose. In DotA 2, you will lose alot whether you want it or not. What matters in this game isn't your hero or this pointless 'counter picking'. Your performance is solely dependant on skill, experience and reaction time. However, no matter how good you are, defeat is inevitable with a bad team. At the beginning when you're matched with new players such as yourself, this can be quite infuriating and almost made me stop playing after approximately 10 hours. That's why I strongly advise you to play with friends, so you actually have a coordinated team. About the game itself: It's a solid with a big diversity of unique heroes. The majority of the community is quite unpleasant at times and isn't very beginner-friendly which can be really off-putting. If you ignore these people (a.k.a. muting) and just keep doing your thing, you will find yourself genuinely having fun after ~50 hours. 50 hours sounds kinda extreme but it really isn't. This is the kind of game you can spend thousands of hours on and you still won't be able to fully master it. If you're ready to go through all this hardship and frustration, go for it, I highly recommend DotA 2. If you're looking for a casual multiplayer game that you can get into quickly, stay away from this.
I'm going to start off with I'm a fan of Dota, it is an interesting and fun game requiring team synergy and tactical awareness. It's design is wonderfully built, its ui is easy to use, and it's all around entertaining. It's intuitive and original, and stands out in contrast with many other MOBAs. It's provided me with hours of fun. I've even invited several people to the game. Now then, everything said above is no longer true, the out-of-game ui is still fantastic, but soon as you get in-game you have to ask yourself, "Where the ---- is anything?" you either need a magnifying glass or superior far-sighted vision. The characters are overbalanced so unless you build a perfect team together, better luck next game. It looks like the Dev team hit copy and paste with League of Legends, the usefullness of map awareness is negated. Here, while we're putting our feet in our mouths let's do the most unoriginal character EVER, Wukong! That's right, Dota 2 is home to the most overused character on the planet, he's better than ever with a nearly perfect identity with every other MOBA on the web. Let's assume our players are willing to get headaches to play, so back to the ui, the WHAT? It's invisible, it's transparent, it's the new big THING! It's the most beautiful NOTHING you'll never lay eyes on! Oh, and you wanted to scale it? Haha, Valve thinks you're funny. Honestly, if you're going to update a game, PLAYTEST it, how is that difficult? Oh, there IS a test server you say? Who cares! Let's release all this unstable crap on our unsuspecting players. 1 report is given in a 3-6 month period. That's right, if you want to report someone SAVE it for that VERY special someone, cuz you only get one chance! Commends the same way? Well, my commends haven't refreshed since october, want to know why? Cuz I play support, and my overall average scores are lower as a result. You hold on to that hope that they'll fix things, and they usually do. briefly. I've spent money on the game, know what that means? Nothing, cuz unless you unload your whole bank your words aren't even heard. Sometimes I wonder if everyone at Valve who interacts with Dota keep cats around so they can sleep on the keyboard when they decide to start trilling away ideas. When one thing breaks, break everything else to fix it. "Hm, I hear the Dota community is great. let's go try." No no, great in this case means the rudest and cruelest gamers. If you don't have a whole group of friends to play with you get stuck with trolls or people who use their faces for they keyboards. This isn't true if you play on foreign servers, but even still it is a gambit. Great white ---. This is Dota 2 not League of Legends 2 Update score, UI ~~ 0>/10 Lore ~~ 4/10 (Monkey King? Really?) Stability ~~ 2/10 Entertainment 3/10 Contrast. UI ~~ 8/10 Lore ~~ 7/10 Stability ~~ 5/10 Entertainment ~~ 9/10 I'd love to love the game again.
Dota 2 is an ARTS/MOBA. Although it's a video game, it taught me a lot about what to do in the real world! 1. Communication - Before Dota 2 - "Hey dude how you doing?" "Doing pretty well thank you" After Dota 2 - "Hey dude how you doing?" " you noo" 2. Work - Before Dota 2 - Employed After Dota 2 - Unemployed 3. Other Games - Before Dota 2 - "Lel I got 60 games in my library play 2 hours a day" After Dota 2 - "Lel I got 1 game in my library play 24 hours a day" 4. Relationships - Before Dota 2 - Girlfriends After Dota 2 - Hero Cosmetics 5. Political Views - Before Dota 2 - Immigration is GREAT the United States couldn't survive without it! Let in those Hispanics! After Dota 2 - ING PERUVIANS TAKING MY MONEYS KILL EM ALL DONT LET EM IN DONALD TRUMP 2016 BIBLETHUMP Final Verdict - 3/22 Would feed again.
My blood pressure before playing : 110/70 My blood pressure after playing : 200/95 The salt is real. Recommended.
HELP ME.
Playing about 2 years, learnt fluent russian, portuguese and several spanish dialects. Got A+'s in my exams.
this game gets my so hard.
5000 hrs played in dota 2, I can say with all certainty, this game has gone to .
I was a Jamaican guy and when I healed people I swear he used a lil bit of ganja! Great!.
best game for play with friends ever.
Doto 2 should be used in schools to teach the student russian, portugese and spanish.
Skipped classes because of Dota 2. Made Girlfriend angry because of Dota 2. Learned to gamble because of Dota 2. Learned to curse because of Dota 2. Became a racist because of Dota 2. Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 will ruin their lives again. and yes. no more girlfriend.
Angry russian simulator.
This game makes me want to kill myself.
You either die a scrub, or live long enough to be called a try hard. 10/10.
Qwer.
ruined my life! 10 /10 best game.
A somewhat complex action RTS game where success depends upon teamwork, game knowledge, strategy and mechanical skill.
Going on a trip to Russia or Mexico? It's percect! Learn Russian or Spanish in just days with this handy-dandy language guide!.
I usually play this game to relax and wind down because of it's super nice community. It calms my spirit to be told to "get rekt " and "neck yourself you feeder nu". I especially enjoy it when super awesome pro players stream the games to twitch and say that their 5 viewers are laughing at me. Classic banter. Every now and then I'll give back some playful jabs but I'm not very imaginative. My favourite lines are "i'll wear your skin kunt" and "your whorsish mother will taste your blood tonight stain" Classic banter.
Dota 2 is one of if not the most frustrating and aggravating game ever created. Your teammates will cater the enemy team, not back you up, and refuse to call missings or place wards. The enemy team will always pick combos or heroes that will make you want to immediately leave the game while your teammates pick 4 carrys after you randomed Phantom Assassin and tell you to buy the wards. Every other game you will get a Russian Pudge picker that feeds 3 kills mid in 5 minutes and immediately ruins all the work you've done last hitting every creep and harassing the enemy out of lane. You'll rage and call "GG" early and trash talk your teammates but you'll still keep playing in hope that the game will turn around. As things start to finally look good, you get bashed 5 times in a row by a faceless void or the Ogre Magi will get a 4x multi-cast on you 2 times in a row while the Nature's prophet is pushing your top barracks. But after all the rage inducing pain, you keep playing. You suffer through it for the chance of that amazing, satisfying comeback even though you're 20,000 gold behind the enemy team. Only to have your dreams crushed when the enemy team finally kills your ancient. But you still keep playing due to the feeling you get when you get that rampage that allows you to push to victory. Even so, after the game you'll still rage because of the common chest you get as a reward for your 60 minutes of pain and suffering. When you finally get that mythical you've always wanted, valve will come out with an event that lowers the price and makes it almost worthless. It's a drug that once hooked to, is almost impossible to break. You almost don't even realize you're raging and forget that you're telling your best friend how much of a feeding he is and how this lost game is because of him when you're the one who has 1 kill and 13 deaths. You keep playing in hope that you'll get good enough where you'll be able to play with Dendi or the other pros and you know that'll most likely never happen but you keep playing in hope of it happening one day. I would not wish this addiction on my worst enemy. But I can't stop you, nor can I stop playing myself.
Do you hate life? Existence? Everyone around you? Do you just want to make everyone else suffer just because you're in a rough spot that clearly isn't your own fault despite mistakes being made? Or are you just looking for a good language teaching program for Portuguese, Spanish and Russian? Then look no further, DOTA 2 has you covered.
Free russian dictionary!.
This game ruined my life. I have failed my academic career. I have no ing social life anymore, or any self esteem. All i do is play this game and get depressed. 9/10 Just a note: Yes this a joke, Jeez.
ruined my life 11/10.
dont play this game, it makes doing meth look healthy.
The easiest way to kill time .For a couple of years and for thousands of hours . Do not play it:).
Most ed up game ever, took me almost 1k hours to find out how ed up the community, matchmaking and everything around that game is. Sad, and I'm the only one to blame for flushing my time down the drain. On the contrary, PRO community is one of the best communities out there, always fun to watch and follow, from players to casters, everyone is cool. I just can't play this anymore, it's a pain, mental and physical pain.
Dota 2 is the semi-sequel/remake/re-release/evolution of the long-running WarCraft 3 mod Defense of the Ancients, which in itself was based on a custom map for StarCraft called Aeons of Strife. After the release of the original Dota map in 2003, the WarCraft 3 community began producing a long line of Dota spin-offs, sequels and mods (just as Eul, Dota's creator, had used AoS as inspiration for Dota itself), which culminated in the release of DotA: Allstars by Steve "Guinsoo" Feak. Allstars would become the most dominant and consistently updated version of all the Dota maps and mods. In 2005, Guinsoo passed the torch to the enigmatic IceFrog, who has been supporting, updating, and shaping Dota ever since. His changes have been the most significant, the most popular (the mod grew more during his time than ever before), and arguably have benefited and enriched Dota as a whole. By 2010, DotA: Allstars became simply DotA, and IceFrog was showing no signs of stopping. Later that year, Dota 2 was formally announced (with its development spear-headed by both IceFrog and Eul, both of its most important "authors"; its past and present, alike), entered a semi-closed beta in late 2011, and was finally officially released in mid-2013. and the rest is history. History lessons aside, Dota 2 is a game of uncompromising depth and complexity. Though its gameplay intricacies can appear opaque, arbitrary and incomprehensible at first sight, the way these expansive game mechanics interact with one another when exposed to the element of player imperfection is truly remarkable: over a hundred heroes, each with at least four spell-based abilities and all capable of using up to six magical items, from a massive arsenal of over a hundred. Games can last anywhere from 25 to 55 minutes, and possibly far more! Dota's metagame is constantly shifting, and as of writing the game and mod are at total parity through version 6.80, released earlier this year. On top of that, it is completely free to play, with no features locked out to any players whatsoever. Not even cosmetic items, which form the backbone of the game's vast micro-transaction-based economy: these items are freely distributed by Valve to all players through level-based gift drops and random-chance item drops. Free game updates alter the game balance significantly, while introducing new seasonal game modes, and far more. And that's not even scratching the surface of the game's competitive scene, with its many tournaments, its constantly evolving teams and its own storylines, all leading up to the annual Valve-organized grand championship: The International. It may be incredibly difficult and frustrating at first, but given time, patience, simple memory and a keen mind, anyone can ultimately come to see Dota as perhaps the most enjoyable, enthralling and captivating game experience ever conceived. Oh, and it's.
I have played Dota 2 for a little over three years now, so I think I am finally ready to give it an in depth review. I gave this game a review back in 2013, but I am going to change that. First of all, I'm going to start by listing off what I like about the game. ::THE PROS:: 1) Dota 2 is, obviously, a team game. Playing this game with friends is a really fun experience and can act as a source of really fantastic memories. My point is, if you play this game with a group of four other friends, Dota 2 is probably one of the best options out there. 2) Dota 2 has a fantastic tutorial system and the game is very well designed to accomodate new players. A new player can go from a full AI game to an AI game with 4 other random people to playing a 5v5 online; the transition is really smooth. 3) I have played both League and Dota, and I can honestly say that I think that Dota 2 is much more visually pleasing to look at. A smooth, clean UI makes the game easier on the eyes compared to League's cartoon-y design (which suits some, but not me). 4) Dota has an extremely vast pool of heroes that can be played to suit almost anyone's playstyle. After you play Dota for awhile, you can pick out the heroes that really fit your playstyle and excel at them through ranked matchmaking. It's damn near impossible to be bad at literally every hero. The large hero pool (100+) allows for THOUSANDS of different lineup possibilities, meaning every game has the chance to be completely new and different than anything you've played before. 5) Honestly, Dota 2 is one of the most addicting games I have ever played. No; it is THE most addicting game I have ever played. As a full-time student, I still have managed to rack up 2,500 hours in this game in my free-time. Especially back when I was a new player, I played this game all the time. However. I am actually changing my review of this game from positive to negative. Let me tell you why. ::THE CONS:: 1) Here's my biggest flaw with the game. I absolutely hate -- I MEAN HATE -- Valve's regional matchmaking. Before finding a match, the player is supposed to change server preferences to the closest server(s) to the members of the party, and they are supposed to choose the appropriate language preference. For example, as an American player, it is expected that you choose U.S. West and U.S. East as your servers, with English as your language preference. And, generally, Americans follow this rule. HOWEVER. In almost every game I play now, I get a Peruvian or Brazilian or someone from South East Asia in my games. Hopefully it makes sense to the readers of this review that you should not be finding a match in the United States if you live in Asia. You lag, and become actually useless in the game. The South Americans, though, spam in their native languages and constantly flame. Am I generalizing? Honestly, no. I'm really not. If you are good at Dota 2, you would and should queue for games for which you are prepared to play at your best. Valve has no form of region lock on matchmaking (they really can't, due to international professional teams), and while it's really not Valve's fault, I just wish there was some way to reliably play with four people from your country and/or language. This is seriously Dota 2's biggest flaw, because so much of every game revolves around the synergy and cooperation among teammates. This is literally impossible when someone spends the entire game flaming you in a different language. I'm honestly not trying to be discriminatory in any way; this is just how Dota is in reality and is likely never to change. I have become so fed up with this poor form of matchmaking that I have actually, finally, uninstalled the game. 2) Dota has actually no reliable way to punish feeders. Sure, you and your team can use the report system (you only have a limited number of reports by the way, so after you expend them on flamers or feeders you are out of luck and have to enlist the other team and your teammates to waste their reports on the other feeders and flamers). The feeder may get put in low priority, but it honestly teaches them nothing. We have all been in low prio at one point or another, and we come out unchanged. Valve needs to implement a way to correct this. I'm not alone in my view on this either. Even professional player Secret.Puppey voiced his opinion the other day, which is very similar to mine. Punishments need to become more severe. 3) The Dota 2 community is actually cancerous. If you are not playing in a 5-stack of friends, I can almost promise you that you will very rarely, if ever, get on a team where all 5 teammates are willing to cooperate and play as a coordinated team. Almost every single game, someone on your team will flame someone else for sucking really bad, mostly because they probably did. But people speak so hatefully towards one another that it really feels like an unwelcoming scene. One of the professional Dota casters (joinDota's "Capitalist") tweeted the other day that he loses so much respect for pro players in pubs because they spend so much time flaming and tilting. This is actually about 90% of the Dota community, actually, not just the professionals. Everyone has this weird god complex where they are convinced they are better than everyone on the server, even if they got no kills and fed unimaginably badly. 4) This kind of ties in with the points I have made previously. It is almost impossible to single-handedly win a game if your team is playing very poorly. Thus, the entire game comes down to teamwork; and most Dota players are unreliable teammates who will either feed or flame (90%, roughly, like I said). The 10% of people who don't flame are the people who are actually in professional teams (and while they flame in pubs, they synergize well in their professional settings (unless you are kuro and rtz)). 5) Dota is really bad for your health unless you have a godly amount of self control. If you win a game, you can end happy. But if you lose a game, you keep playing and keep losing and it becomes very depressing and frustrating. The garbage community gets in your head, and it's just bad. Look, honestly, I fully expect to continue to follow the professional Dota scene. Dota really is one of the best games out there and it's especially fun to watch the pros play. But, if you are looking for a MOBA that you can regularly enjoy, then you are better off playing StarCraft II, which is where I am headed now. Don't get me wrong, though; Dota 2 is still much better than League of Legends and I would never suggest League of Legends to anyone unless they are really, really struggling with Dota 2. I won't be returning to Dota until Valve makes some much needed changes to the game, or at least until I have had a long, much-needed break from the seriously draining community that Dota offers. TL;DR: It's a good MOBA, better than LoL, but too many community & matchmaking issues to make this worth a positive. Gave me a great 3 years of entertainment though. Play SCII. Rating: 7/10 Good game, for awhile. But community is horrible.
The objective of this game is to spend all your paycheck on virtual clothing for your favorite characters so you can play dress-up with them while looking better than the enemy team. Playing the game itself is completely optional.
I hate this game so much. It hurts so much. I cry every time I see a . I am pretty sure after almost 800 hours of Dota 2 I have developed a deep understanding of the Russian language. I even grew wings and taped almost 300 popsicle sticks together and super-glued a flashlight to the end of it and starting yelling gibberish with a thick accent.
1.5 hours in dota and already know what means..
Opened Game. Found Match. Picked Sniper. Was told to uninstall. Uninstalled. 2/10 Would not pick Sniper again.
Just don't. Stay healthy.
i waste my life and money on one map please help me.
Product received for free Dota 2 has Destroyed my Life.
Dota 2 is the official sequel to the highly popular mod for Blizzard's Warcraft III, Defense of the Ancients. A mod that has been worked on by many, and therefore it was hard to determind where the rights belong. A lot of legal hocus pocus were going on between Blizzard and Valve last year, and it ended to valve's favor. The Dota name and franchise is now legally a part of Valve, probably thanks to the sneaky acquisition of IceFrog the year before. Dota 2 is a real-time strategy game in the sub-genre called MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena). A genre that has grown rapidly the past few years, with different type of alterations in favor of success. Dota 2 is a close second to being the most popular MOBA, right behind the giant League of Legends. Just like LoL, Dota 2 is gaining success throughout it's competetive e-sport scene, and it's clear that valve is highly pushing it towards the first position. The latest and biggest tournament was The International 2013, which included a total prize pool of over 2.8 million US dollars, which was the biggest prize pool in e-sport history. Gameplay is easy to understand but very hard to master. The map consists of 3 lanes that are constantly being pushed by NPC creeps. You are controlling a hero amongst 4 other in your team, and are fighting against 5 in the opposing team. The goal is to push your heroes and NPC creeps to the enemy base, where you have to destroy the ancient. It sounds pretty easy, but it requires hours upon hours to get a hold of the base mechanics, the more advanced mechanics and the professional mechanics. Plus the over 100 heroes you get to play and face. After 300 hours I have only touched what I call the more advanced mechanics, and I am not even close to professional level. The most experienced players have around 5000 hours of playtime and have spend the majority of their past 3 years to Dota 2. Since the game is Extremely competetive there will be a lot of curse words flying around while you play. These type of games are known for very hostile encounters with other players. There is an optional tutorial that you can take before going out there, beware though - the tutorial does not cover any Russian. Dota 2 might be competetive, extremely enraging and the learning curve is steep as crap, but it is still the game that I have spend the most time playing on Steam (mostly because my collegues and bosses were playing it). Somehow I keep returning to it, so I suppose I am enjoying it. You better have people to play with though, and you better not be good friends - because this game will take your beloved friendship and wipe it's with it until you hate each other. Translations:.
I learned how to swear in: Russian, Spanish, Portugese. I learned a lot of Russian language because of this game, so if you're studying Russian language, quit your college/course and start playing dota because why not. Also the pro scene is good. Lots of drama and stuff.
It took me awhile to realize how much time I have wasted. 10/10 would recommend.
doto is gaem aboot 5 guis fiting som udder 5 guis to kill big magic rok thingu acros a reevir. Fore sum reeson, boff sides arr semmetrickle. de too sieds send little beetches in groops of fore at da saem tiem in neever end straggle. somhou big heero maek dis not happen tho. dere arr many hets in dis gaem, its liek pokomon, grotto katch them all! except no one kan katch dem all bcuz deres too maney hets in da gaem. da gaem is whey whey whey bettur dan LeL, or Leeg em Leggings. Leeg em Leggings has big s everwhere, peeple maek gud rool therdy faur tho. I geiv doto a 2/1 becuz it maeks mai lade bonur go stiffy sooka bluat. go hear for moor revew:.
An easy to learn, lighthearted, forgiving, casual multiplayer FRTS (fun real time strategy!!) with a friendly, diverse and helpful community. It's excellent for busy, older, slow people, I changed Bejeweled's icon to this game and my mom still haven't noticed it!.
Ruined my life 10/10.
Ice Frog once again messing up the frail balance of the game by introducing the new Monkey King hero in 7.00. Utterly unbalanced hero and a complete mess of a game this has become.
So many things u can do VALVE, but 7.00. why!?..
WTF IS THIS VER 7? I PLAYED DOTA FOR ABOUT A DECADE SINCE WARCRAFT AND I NEVER GOT TIRED OF THE GAME.WHY THE HELL DID YOU CHANGE THE JUNGLE??? THAT WAS IN DOTA 1, THAT WAS ONE OF THE THINGS THAT MADE DOTA-DOTA. CHANGES ARE GOOD BUT NOT TOO MUCH THAT YOU CHANGE THE IDENTITY OF THE GAME.WE SURE WELCOME NEW ITEMS OR HEROES AS LONG AS THEY SERVE A PURPOSE AND I DONE KNOW WHAT EXACTLY IS THE PURPOSE OF VER 7? PEOPLE ARE NOT TIRED OF THE OLD UI AND MAP! . HONESTLY I HATE THE NEW UI, ITS LIKE AN ARCADE GAME MADE FOR KIDS.REMEMBER COUNTER STRIKE? NOT MUCH HAVE CHANGED SINCE 2000 AND A TON OF PEOPLE STILL PLAY IT.DOTA IS THE SAME, THE ORIGINAL MAP IS THE BEST MAP! ATLEAST MAKE IT AND OPTION IF PEOPLE WANT TO PLAY ON THE NEW MAP OR NOT!.
> Game is hard.
avoid this game if you can.
Patch 7.00 has created a massive shift in the gameplay of Dota 2, it is now very similar to league of legends. The hardcore difficulty and strategies have all seen a difficulty curve decrease, if you've never played Dota 2 because it was to hard or confusing, now is the perfect time for you to start playing.
Very fun game! Highly recommended. Pros: -Very Fun -Makes Friends -Learn Foreign Languages Cons: -Makes you Racist -Sucks up your Time -Makes you angry -Get High Blood Pressure -Infinite Toilet you Throw Monies in -Makes you a Hateful Person -Possibility of Carpal Tunnel 10/10 Highly Recommended.
Dota stands for "Defense of the Ancients", or as I like to call it, Dota. The two is not to refer to the game being a sequel, which it is, but rather to specify the number of ancients in a game. The objective is to turn it into Dota 1. In Dota, you need to defend an ancient, which is either a tree or a rock depending on your religious affiliation. Since I'm one and two-thirds Bhuddist, I usually end up defending one of them at random, much like all the other players. Dota is a very unique game, in that includes both offense and defense. There are lots of characters, and all of them are mostly good at different things. In my opinion, the best part of Dota is playing it. This is because Dota is an extremely unique combining many difficult strategies, such as attacking the enemy team's Ancient or defending your own Ancient. The goal of Dota, much like other games, is to win. If you become proficient at this skill, you will win very often, leading to more victories. Scientists show that six out of every three Dota players that win matches tend to be on the winning team when the game is over. This is because winning substantially increases your chances of not losing. Dota takes a while to learn though, and that is because it is an extremely offensive, yet defensive, game with many complicated nuances, like being a farmer or trying to help your teammates do good. One interesting feature of Dota is that dying is really bad, in the sense that you lose money and time because respawns are really long, like when Halo 3 would just beep at you instead of spawning you and you'd get really angry, except this is an intentional feature intended to spice up the classic innovation of offfense vs. defense vs. offense. Why did I write a third position in that last sentence? Excellent question. There are neutral enemies in the game, and they usually don't do a whole lot except sit there and be neutral. If you don't respect their space, however, you may find that they beging to fight back, much like an offensive form of self-defense. Early in a match of Dota, you find yourself buying useful items like tp scrolls, also called Town Portal Scrolls, or Town Portal Scrolls for short. Why did I mention Town Portal Scrolls multiple times? Good question! That is because there are multiple teams. Once you've bought items, you go kill enemy creeps, and they aren't people so it's ethically sound and completely morally fine to do. :) Once you've spilt some blood, or watched as they comically struggle to kill each other for your favor, you may realize that you have more money and have leveled up. That is because creeps are made of gold stitched together by experience and points, and that usually transfers to you after they die. Think of it like inheritance or maybe a n involuntary tribute system. Once you've levelled up and gotten rich, you can buy better items that make you stronger, and then get new abilities like skills, active abilities, passive abilities, or passive-aggressive abilities. These abilities let you hurt creeps and other palyers more effectively, which may or may not be socially acceptable in your region of birth. Please refer to local ethic codes and statutes to determine whether victory is a viable gameplay style for you in your chosen country of choice. Once you've become the best all-around person you can be, or at least made some incremental progress down that road that usually takes about an hour on average, (resets between games, so you never get bored) it's time to go tear down the other team's towers (those, like many buildings in the united states, canada, or certain US territories, will fight back and damage you) and then eventually go and destroy their Ancient, which is what the A stands for in Dota. That makes your team the winner, and implies that you are better people in a metaphorical sense than your enemy team counterparts.
Anlatmaya gerek yok heralde seviyenin olduu moba !.
0/10 Did not catch 'em all.
  I am quite sure that sums up everything.
Update 7.00 goes too far we don't want dota 2 to become LoL or Hon respect your loyal fan base and fix your patch.
Can't say which is worse the 7.00 update or Spanish speaking trolls taking over the servers.. time to move on and never look back.
The community is more toxic than a nuclear waste.
It's bassicly meth, ruined my life, lost all my friends, gpa took a nose dive, parents have no more faith in me, no longer have hopes and dreams, and its the only thing left I know how to do. But the high I get while playing has yet to be matched. 10 out of 10 would recommend to anyone.
Do you like to be insulted about your mothers sexuality? Like to have your intelligence questioned ? Like the sound of pinging ? Do you like to wait ?!? Then maybe Dota 2 is the game for you ! Enjoy all this and so much more ! 10/10 would be a feeding noob again.
7.00 is realy freakin piece of sheat !!! KDA is invisible and where are megakill announces?! New minimalizm HUD fu*ed up HUD buyers and I have played the game over thousand of hours but new HUD is small and freakn hard to recognize sitrep of the game. Fu**ing 7.00 deginers must resign now!!! (U nothing but Grand Theft Salary!!! and ruined the game) Leave Valve and uninstall Dota now!! And return my freakin awesome Dota back!!!.
This game helps you realize the stuggles that were present during the Cold War, and reinforces your fear of Russians, or at least playing with them. Team up with South Americans to battle the Russians and receive more negative feedback from your teammates than your ex girlfriend gave you about your small . Once you realize that the South Americans are also your enemies, you can play on their servers to escape them because everyone knows that they only play on the U.S. Servers to slowly damage our mental stability to aid them in their everlasting mission to feel like they don't live in a third world country. 10/10.
I have put so many hours into this. So-many-hours. It is one of those games where you spend so much time learning the mechanics: items, heroes, terrain, team strategy, etc. You learn all these things and it makes you want to stay with it because you've put so much work to build yourself to a decent MMR and win rate. This game is like a drug. Did I enjoy it with my friends at times? Sure. But the enjoyment always fought against the weight of the overwhelming frustration. It has the most toxic community I have ever seen in my decade of serious gaming. It wasn't so bad at first, but over the past hundred or so games it has become notably worse. Far worse. Make one mistake and you will have threats from your teammates to report you. Don't have a bad game, or you will have someone urging your team and the other team to report. It's just constant bickering and trash talk on both sides. Is it like this every game? No, of course not. There are decent individuals who play this game who will present constructive criticism and encouragement in a mature fashion. They might contain their frustration during the game or voice it over the chat, and that's understandable. This game will do that. But the vast majority are, sadly, among the poison that kills this game for me. A lot of the time I even ended up with teammates who didn't speak my language despite my search under US east. I can handle one or two or three or four. But when I go three games in a row where everyone on my team and the enemy team doesn't speak my language then, well, there is some great team communication there. That's really the only issue I've had with the game itself. Not too bad. The satisfaction from winning a few games can't make up for the stress and grievances encountered to get there either. Honestly, this game isn't fun anymore because of the community. It is well done. It's a great game, but the community ruins the satisfying experience I once had for this game. It is a real shame. I have 2,000+ hours of game time. 2,000+ hours of effort getting myself to around a 3k MMR. 2,000+ hours poured into a game that requires dedication and satisfaction through numbers and stats. And I am still going to try my best to give this game up despite all the work put into it. It will be tough. If you haven't played the game yet, I can't recommend it. Not when the community is worse than it's ever been. And I'm not basing this on just a couple dozen games. I'm basing my community experience on hundreds of recent hours. It is a real shame how the players in the game can ruin it. Maybe when Overwatch comes out it will have a decent community (being optimistic) and I can pour my hours into that and finally ditch this game for good. Maybe I'll come back when my friends are on to form a team, but I will never again jump into solo ranking with the community as horrible as it is. I really hate to leave a negative review on this great game, but the community has sucked the joy out of it.
Game was great. 7.00 ruined it.
Can't move character with WASD what the hell is this?.
WTF, I want my life back!! Gaben pls help.
100 hours and still don't know what is happening on my screen .
TL;DR: Don't even start! Toxic community, destroys your life. (edit: don't miss out on the comments of this review!) The first time I played Dota was 10 years ago when it was still on WC3. I stopped playing for some years and got back to playing since last year. Two reasons why you should avoid this at all cost: 1. Toxic community: the worse out there! It is almost a given that someone on your team or the enemy team will start some aggressive flaming for no good reason. Racist remarks are the norm. Whenever somone dies, someone else gets blamed/flamed. Extremely toxic! After enough hours of gameplay, this type of exposure is bound to spillover on you and give you a very negative outlook of life. What I noticed in me and my friends is that this blaming/flaming culture influences us that we tend to unknowingly flame others back in response. Definitely not the kind of person I want to be. Don't expose yourself to such negativity in life! 2. While the gameplay is amazing, keep in mind that this game is highly addictive. I once told my friend that he can do so many other things in life if he doesn't play dota. His response was "If i don't do other things in life, I can dota more." I feel like this is the best way to describe how addictive this game can be. He plays at higher level games (5k+ MMR). He has since stopped, and I'm so proud of him. Before, he used to play all day for over 10 hours until 5am in the morning. Neglected college and everything else. I fell into that same rabbit hole. I averaged 40-50 hours a week of dota. Totally soul sucking and toxic. I started having to hide this addiction and not tell others because of the shame of spending so much time on a video game. Neglected college and life. I stopped going out, stopped socializing. Most of the interaction I encounter everyday is from the toxic community. You can imagine how much I degraded. Because this addiction took over my life, I feel that my mental state of mind is so poor now. Low confidence in doing everything else because of all the time wasted in dota. So, this is kinda like my confession here. A way to help me break out of this, and a reminder to not relapse into such a unhealthy and pathethic state of living. Do yourself a favour and focus on real life, which matters and lasts. Don't waste hundreds and thousands of hours on this game that will not add to anything in your life; it will only bring you negativity. Live life to the fullest. Time is the one thing you can NEVER get back. Do not regret.
Que simulator 2014 is a gr8/10 game. I was able to get a combo of over 12 minutes the other day. Would totally recommend for all hardcore gamers.
First time playing a moba, guys told me I had downsydnrome and autism. this game is op.
Sometimes your own life becomes boring or some difficulties make your life unbearable. In these times, in order to move away from my life, i play some games especially this game. it takes my 40-60 mins. ( fairly convenient time). When i start this game it feels like i'm diving into some other universe. I figure out that i control some other things out of my organs. Then i feel this game in last points of my veins. After end of the game, i feel happy and relax no matter win or lose. I think i am addicted to this game.
Pros : Free to play Cons : Bad community Cause Depression & Frustration Cancerous Increase usage of vulgarities Ruin your life Be prepared to get report anytime Increase rage count.
This brand new game by Riot puts a spin on the definition of "Casual Gaming". What consumers thought would be another fun and enjoyable experience for the family turned out to be much more. This game is called "Dota 2" which is an acronym for "Delicious Orange Teamwork Association 2", the sequel to the original DOTA. DOTA 2 revolves around 2 teams of 5 players each (the perfect number for a happy family and maybe even a friend to all sit down on the couch and play together as a team) who are both trying to sell as many oranges as possible while sabotaging the enemy team's orange sales! Gameplay is very casual and easy to pick up. You don't even have to play the tutorial if you don't want to! Just jump in the game, let everyone know you're new and start selling oranges! Speaking of new players, those who are new to the DOTA universe might be a little discouraged by all the terms that more experienced players use, so I'll explain a few of them here. -"Feeding" is when your team is selling oranges at a very fast rate. This is very good, so make sure you feed as much as possible! -"" is a term you may see thrown around a lot by players of this game. DOTA is a very popular game in Russia, because it is developed by a mysterious individual named "Ice Man" who is from Russia! "" is a friendly term that roughly translates to "Keep up the good work!" -"Report" When someone says "Reported." or "Im going 2 report u!" that means that they are filling out a sales report on how well you've sold oranges! This is a fun way to keep track of how good you are at the game, and it's considered friendly to try to report the best players you see in a game, even if they're on the enemy team! DOTA 2 has over fifty dozen players on at a time, so you better get playing now and become a veteran because before you know it, everyone and their grandmas will be playing the new nation-sweeping casual game DOTA 2!.
It is not necessary, do not do it.
I was never racist until I played dota2.
According to the U.S. Foreign Service Institute, it takes approximately 1,300 hours to acquire advanced proficiency in Japanese language. It would take approximately 3,060 hours of studying to finish university and receive a major. According to The National Jurist, it takes about 400 to 600 hours to prepare for the bar exam (passing which makes you a lawyer). It requires near 52 hours to read Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace" and "Anna Karenina" both. The Department of Health and Human Services of the USA recommends an average adult to do roughly 125 hours of sports a year to stay healthy. *** You get the point. Don't even frakking think of playing this.
This game simulates being locked in a room with 4 Tourette Guys while playing with some dragons, wizzards and other strange creatures.
I just played a few games . rly nice - but hard game. Slowly i am getting into it.
It's like Chess, but it's not. 10/10.
Best MOBA game ever. Although it's not easy to learn at first, DOTA2 has various elements which a MOBA game should have. Totally outstanding and addictive. MOBADOTA2MOBA.
It used to be fun but with this new update and new unbalanced hero, this game is completely ed up. Thanks valve for ruining the game for us all.
So glad i quit this game at 6.87. now im not sad about this update.
Valve (Icefrog or whoever) made some patches before, but last update. I want to say "fock you" to all who made this 7.00 crap. Worst update ever. Interface now really makes me wish to be blind. New map is just a nonsence, and this new hero is just the product of sick developer's imagination. I totally refuse to belive that someone REALLY want me to play dota after this upda. Downgrade(from "Down syndrome"). Why Valve desperatly wants to make dota more casual? They want new players? But what about me, for example? I really love dota! I played it when it was beta! Why bunch of future s is more important than nowday's community? I just don't get it. Looks like Valve really don't gives a single about players.
Dota is great game but the community is literally the worst. if you dont play with friends and decide to always play with randoms you will experience the highs and the lowest lows of the game. Make a small mistake and you are flamed and reported into low priority queue. This game is not for people who "want a good time, even in unranked nothing about this game is "casual" as the most elite players will queue with you just to trash you for being "a bad teammate." Unless you want to spend the first couple hundred hours learning in bot matches like I did i do not reccomend getting this game, it is not for the faint of hard or the casual player.
Game was perfect until 7.00. biggest disappointment.
this game changed my life, i don't know if it's for the positive or negative yet.
who thought reborn was a good idea.
Got A+ on my Russian exam.
dota 7 . what a ing joke.
+ New friends, interesting events, amazing heroes/voice actors, beautiful items, will help you learn a foreign language, good practice for trading activity. - lot of stress and negative emotions. Horrible matchmaking system, very often aggressive noob teammates, time killer. And as said a random lol player ".we all want to win, but having fun should be the priority." I shall remember this.
DOTA helps you realize the uselessness of the real world. I now know how futile it is to have a girlfriend, a college degree, a job etc. All you need is a bunch of tangoes, some branches and clarity, and the world is all yours.
Dota 2 is a very highly skilled game, don't expect to walk in and expect you being very good. You are going to die alot and probably yell at your team mates but that's just the nature of this game. Dota 2 takes place in an arena where you will fight to destory the enemies Anicent if you destory it; you win. The Ancient is protected by 11 stuctures called towers that protect it. Each of these towers are found in each of the three lanes bottom, middle and top. You take control of a unit that is a hero, many of them are diverse and have a lot of pros and cons such as Crystal Maiden who is really good at locking down heros early game with her stun but she is also the slowest hero in the game. You are accompanied by 4 other players including yourself to fight against another 5 players. You need to push lanes to be able to destory the enemy towers in each lane but the catch is the enemy team is doing the same thing, so you need to not only push to your victory but to stop the enemy team from pushing aswell. There is 107 heros in Dota 2 out of the 112 heroes that are in the Warcraft III. They are categorised into 3 groups. Strenght, which are usually the tanky guys. Agility, most carries are found in this category and Intelligence which most of the supports are usually found. All these heroes have different skill levels, such as Invoker who is an intelligence hero with 14 spells. He is able to create spells with 4 of his spells, creating the other 10. He is able to create tornados which disable enemies, meteors which looks epic and burns enemies that stand in front of it. Just an all round crazy hero. Viper is arguably the easiest hero which as 2 passive spells (Passive spells are spells that work all the time, you don't need to activate them) and 2 other spells which are targetable. You can customise your Dota experience with annoucer packs which change the voice of the annoucer which include Glados and the narrator from the Stanley Parable. You can change your HUD to different themes. The game allows you to buy tickets where you can support tournments, some of these tournments allowing you to directly contribute to the prize pool. Most of the time it is 25%. In 2014, The International is a annual tournment created by Valve for Dota 2. In 2014, the prize pool for this tournment became 10.9M dollars. First place got 5M dollars! If you are into ESports then this game will be up your ally. Dota 2 is a hard game, but if you look in the right places you are able to learn a lot, if you aren't sure you want to play this game, you can PM me and I can teach you how to play. I honestly don't mind.
At this point in time, I've wasted round 3-5 years of my life playing this game. It's a small amount compared to the hours that my peers and teammates have amassed, even I, who had started when beta was released to the general public. A good chunk of the gaming population has played it at least once, or have heard of it, or am still playing even as type this review out. Anywho, let's talk about Dota. Dota 2 is not a game; it's a major time sink. You spend the first 100-200 games improving your gameplay to be even called "below average", whilst losing horribly in every single one. You will weep. Burst in an outrage. Asking yourself why did you ever choose to play this game in the first place. Every single game roughly consists of 40-50 mins that you give all your efforts to be returned with a fleeting feeling of joy. Bliss. Or the soul crushing depression of losing the past 10 games during the weekend - the times you turned down your friends at a night out to play this game. It's not because Dota is hard. No, no. It's not the mechanics that you have fine-tuned yourself in being able to do over and over a 100 times without messing up. In my words, it could very well be as easy as playing Hello Kitty Island Adventure or as ball crushing hard as playing Dark Souls with no proper equipment - simply because the game boils down to one thing: Teamwork. Synergy between people, how they cooperate, willingly or not. More often at times you're going to have the most disillusioned people with a lexicon of a drunk jaded middle-aged man who's going through a mid life crisis rather than the quiet, reserved player who tries his/her best in assisting your efforts in a win. It can be argued that the game can be won single-handedly by a skilled player, but it's a pipe dream to seek that out, for most of the general population - but it does not deter them from doing so, which leads to yet another problem/frustration within the game. People seek glory within it; they yearn the temporary recognition it brings, and those players put their teammates beneath them, which ultimately loses them the game. In short there are a lot of different reasons and expectations of the game, which may cause conflicts ultimately losing you the game. Save yourself the trouble and do something else. Edit - For those of you who cant math for some reason, 4k hours over 4 years is roughly 3 games a day assuming its a game is an hour on average.
Hate the new update. looks like LOL. omg this SU-cks.
after reborn this game suck more evry pach.
The most fun and rewarding game i have ever played while there are many gripes i still have about the game its mostly about the community.
This game will truly test the bonds between you and your friends. I'm looking at you, Tony.
I do not like this game at all. It's a terrible game. Please stop playing this game. Please send help.
Multi-culturalism siumlator. Learn Spanish, Russian, and Chinese all from the comfort from your home!.
So addictive, My life has been messed up because of this game. An absolute must play. It made me very racist and hate well Russians. There is nothing left to say. 1 couple of games its like noob ish and you will get on a lot, thats why there are bot matches. take a risk in this game if its for your liking. Dont take to heart all of the rubbish people say. They can get quite intense when they rage. I mean, like really.
This game is great! - It ruined my social life. - I now abuse Russians I've known for years IRL. - Anybody who's better than you is a basement dweller. - Anybody worse than you is from South America. - Possibly the worst community in gaming after LoL. - Bad graphics and controls, 10/10 - IGN I have spent too long on this game, and I'm by no means the worst offender. I wish I could get those hours and money back. Overall, this game is the cancer of Steam. 10/10.
[9.1/10] uh, what ? i'm sorry, what was that ? League. waht ? League of Legends ? hmmm.. never heard of it. dafuq is that ? alright, cut the crap ! let's play DOTA 2.      Look son a good GAME!       .
Play EU servers " !" Play SEA servers "PUTANG INA BOBO!" Play local servers "ASU DANCOK!" 10/10 get feed.
All cancers can be cured except SEA cancer.
Wellplayed.
Please go back to old dota 2.
Dota 7.00 is cancer.
review for badge only.
I opened DOTA 2 I chose a Peru server I waited 20 minutes Your game is ready - Hey, guys, how are you? - Bad. - Why? - Russians. Russians everywhere. We hide here from them. - Well, then you've failed. - Why? - 'Cause I'm Russian - We do not believe you. Russians don't write in English. Prove it. - c - yka And then they all leave and threw me nine reports.
you get to play as a blue knight, a silly version of frankenstein, an icicle, a guy who hates skyrim, a red mongol, your nightmares, a on a bat, a redneck, a freaky skin exploder, an invisible gerbil, a drunk squirrel, a porcupine, a spider, a centaur, a knight with a gambling problem, whatever chen is, a skeleton, a robot wannabe, an eskimo, a purple conehead, a purple skeleton thing, a ghost, lightning riding a dinosaur, the concept of doom, a skyrim lover, blue woman group, a rock, a fat dog, an old titan, fire, bambi, gravity, time, a steampunk moustache, a spastic troll, eminem, everything and nothing, siamese dragons, a spastic knife wielder, an old guy, a pirate, a black angel, whatever leshrac and lich are, a zombie, a cosplayer, something that is totally not a lion, an old canadian, the scottish moon, a werewolf, a magnoceros, medusa, the pikachu of dota, a tiger woman, a tsunami, a siren, a PLAYAAAAA, asparagus, a , a scorpion, your neighbor, a magical human, the guy who gives hitmen their targets, the void, an assassin, cancer, a bird, a 13-year old, your friendly butcher, the prophecy, another cosplayer, a stove, the existence of invisibility, a sock, a sand castle, two shadows, a simpsons outcasts, a quiet guy, an angel, two fishes, a sniper, a female ghost, a fast rhino, a mexican lightning bolt, a rock, a shopping cart, a purple girl, terror, a fish, a guy who hates trees, a sniper with rockets, a rock going throught the stages of life, a tree, a troll, a snowball, a zombie, a bear, a vengeful person, a snake, a flying snake, a dragon, your weirdest teacher, a spider, the wind, a generic african, a hindu, and a god. 10/10.
Dota 2 yes, the game that makes you go 'WTF is this load of horse ' on your first game, and go total ape when you finally get your first kill. A game that will suck you in with temporary overdose of dopamine that will reward you with absolutely ing nothin and before you know it you spend thousands of hours decaying in this pile of shitbag. Don't get me wrong, the game in itself is beyond amazing.However the community is some ed up , Players who start feeding with their heroes or couriers just because you accidentally took their last hit, and theres nothing you can ing do about it except using your ing puny 3 reports which will literally do nothing. Players who spam ping you for every small mistake you make. Rats that will insult you on a personal level as following Never ever in a game will you find a community as toxic as dota. Too many unchecked slum rats with extra chromosomes resulting from 6 Generations of inbreeding. Guaranteed trashtalking in 90% of games if youre in the trash tier like myself. This game will turn you into a racist scumbag who has banged everyones mother or be the victim of having your mom banged by everyone In the end you'll wonder how your kidney is still functioning with all the salt, and wonder if those thousands of hours you played was worth it. You'll question your life choices, you'll question your very own existence, and feel like starting your own genocide against a whole race because of all the A Holes you meet in your games. It was fun while it lasted. Just dont get to it, please. Its not worth your time.
How to make friends in Dota 2 : A detailed guide. Step 1 : Start a match Step 2 : Write Good luck, have fun guys! Step 3 : Get insulted and called an american burger idiot, retard f*ggot c*ck putin f*cker Step 4 : Finish the match Step 5 : Wish you never played this game and consider commiting suicide And thats how you make friends in Dota 2 !.
An accurate simulation of a Spanish and Russian invasion of the United States.
This isnt dota anymore.
This Game has ruined my life and caused me to hate a great number of people. 11/10.
make dota great again.
dota 7.00 = worst gud bye!.
Dota used to be good. Trying to change something that is already perfect will ruin it, undoubtedly. Playing this game now is like trying to be with your girlfriend after she had a session with 5 black guys and you have to get used to her now because it's her ( quoting icefrog here ) "New journey". I used to love this game, it brought me together with so many people, now we are all cringing and debating whether we should uninstall it or raid your headquarters and protest this stupid change. DOTA WAS GREAT. NOW ALL YOU DID IS COPY LEAGUE OF LEGENDS. U FAILED YOUR COMMUNITY. U FAILED YOUR FANS. RIP.
So, I decided to try out this Dota 2 and see what all the fuss is about. I can totally see why so many people play it. Very addicting game i put in like 34 hours in like 4 days! Never played a game so much in so little time before. Well, at least since Company of Heroes. Has nice simple graphics that run smooth. Any computer should be able to play this and have no real problem. That in itself makes the game more enjoyable. There is a butt load of heroes to choose and play as. Like pokemon have to play them all. Would probably take days to do. The only con i can think of. There is a lot of annoying people that constantly ping the map, and or complain the whole game. Other then that. I recommend this game, most fun i had in awhile.
I cant bealive that i reached 1000h in this game, OMGWTFBBQ. My first game on steam with 1k hours :( . Morbid mask has 15% lifesteal, but I feel that dota 2 has 80% lifesteal ! Never start to play it. Edit: Almost 3000 hours, the most played game from my library and I still s*ck in it. Do I need any other words for this ? The Test of Time Award must go for this one ! Edit 2: Luckly after a year, I still did not pass 3000 hours. I feel better now.
Dota 6.89 was fantastic. Dota 7.00 made it garbage. Looks like the people at valve want to attract the newer generation of 8-12 year old kids to the game. Understandable thinking, but bad move making it a patch update instead of a new game. Should have just made it Dota 3 and keep Dota 2 the way it was. Sorry Dota, but this is goodbye.
This is obviously an exceptionally well made game, and it does make every effort to teach you and integrate you. But I can't recommend it unless you want to really learn how to play, which is a long and slow process. I didn't find it to be all that fun.
I only played it for a little bit. It's ok I guess.
I only played a little but it was fun.
This game taught me about the diversity of cultures that our small little corner of the universe offers.  Then it taught me to hate them all.
It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.
still cant figure out how to jump
Things I gave to DotA: 1. Money 2. Time 3. Love  Things DotA gave me: 1. Arthritis 2. Carpal tunnel syndrome 3, Hatred of Russians, Mexicans, Spanish, Finnish, and Russians 4. Broken keyboard 5. Broken mouse 6. 9/10 ready 7. Server crashes 8. 4 stacks of Russians in EUW servers on English prefrence settings 9. Ranked matches 10. Free to play but Pay to win games (I.E. - Foreseer\'s contract, New Bloom 2015) 11. "It\'s in the bag" spam (especially Skywrath) 12. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing? 13. Split second math - Reliable/Unreliable gold and gold loss on death vs. Buyback availability - This is good too  Essentially - DotA is a greedy woman, but I love her all the same.  11 / 10 would play again  Update: Since posting this review back in Feb 2015, a lot has changed in the game. Some of this is irrelevant to the game today. Also, don\'t take what is wirtten here personally.  Update 2: To all whom think that I copied this off someone else\'s review, look at the date at which my review was posted and then look at the others. I find it funny that people like my review so much they plagiarize it. Just so you know, I wrote it while on the toliet. :^)
One day, a wise man intoduce me into this game. "it shall protect your virginity, my lad" he said.
The best program for learning the Russian language.   2k17 edit PS. 7.00 sucks.
I opened DOTA 2  I chose a Peru server  I waited 20 minutes  Your game is ready  - Hey, guys, how are you?  - Bad.  - Why?  - Russians. Russians everywhere. We hide here from them.  - Well, then you've failed.  - Why?  - 'Cause I'm Russian  - We do not believe you. Russians don't write in English. Prove it.  - c  - yka  And then they all leave and threw me nine reports.
This game is really great. Bots perform extremely realistic, almost eliminating the point in playing vs real humans.  -Bots will ignore you when you ping a hero. Just like humans. -Bots will steal your farm. Just like humans. -Bots will 1v5 the enemy. Just like humans. -Bots will ignore enemies taking Roshan. Just like humans. -Bots will not ward. Just like humans. (supposedly this has been "fixed")  11/10  Additions by others:  Bots aren\'t human, just like russians. > Topkek comment  Depy the Pie-Ro - Bots will ignore when you get ganked, just like humans. Enlightened one - Bots will also go into rosh alone and sit there until they die not even hitting him (just like humans). DrewTylerJ - Bots will miss skillshots. Just like humans. MasterJonah - Bots will forget that runes exist. Just like humans. Top Hat - Bots will always pick the same heroes. Just like humans.  - Bots will always troll. Just like humans. Stinkyboy - Bots will buy divine and throw game. Just like humans. Kotaro Minami - Bots only pick carries. Just like humans. Dingbat - Bots use healing items on themselves when you\'re nearby at 5 health. Just like humans. SYN | Chaotic - Bots will never say anything helpful. Just like humans. NoHopeHere... - Bots run away during teamfights. Just like humans. Pizza sensei - Bots are jerks, just like humans. #- Bots go rambo in a team fight. Just like humans. ~M. Mch~ - Bots waste their ults before the clash. Just like humans. Boi slenddeir - bots will always camp. just like humans. Compass- Bots don\'t know how to play as a team. Just like humans. Amarak - Bots will always instapick without even asking what other will pick, just like humans. Xexiter -Bots will play the hero wrong. Just like humans. Sir Voltage - Bots will ignore you. Just like humans. Bots will charge a low HP enemy in the range of an enemy tower, just like humans
A great game with a very friendly and tolerant community, its also a very educational and cultural experience. Since I\'ve been playing dota I\'ve learned to speak russian and spanish, Who needs rosetta stone when you have dota right? The russians are so friendly and have a neat little nickname for americans called "Suukah", I think it means comrade or friend. And the peruvians are so helpful, for instance I was mid as pudge and at the start of the match a peruvian dazzle came mid with me and stayed with for about 11 minutes, He helped me out by taking the last hits and first blood. He said "movimiento ", I think it means "I got your back", What a nice guy. Dota is great and all but there are a few problems with some heros, like bloodseeker, Phantom Assassin, Faceless void, And huskar. They need to be buffed, I find them extrememly underwhelmed. Bloodseekers ult cd is just too long and needs to be lowered to ten seconds, Phantom assassin needs a higher crit ratio, faceless needs more evasion and movement speed, and huskar\'s flaming spear should cost no hp. Oh and there\'s one other hero needs to be nerfed hard, Bat rider is just too overpowered and unbalanced. I think he has too much hp, and the base should be lowered to 320, also lower his base movement speed to 200. Aside from those few problems dota 2 is the best FPS I have ever played in my life.
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, \'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.\'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- \'Don\'t ever smoke. Please don\'t put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
How most of my solo ranked match goes :  1. Find match, wait for all people to load up 2. Marked middle-lane on my minimap 3. A dude on my team : "Mid or feed !" 4. Be a bigger man and give him mid, then i mark safelane 5. Other dude : "I\'m gonna carry, trust me, give me safelane .." 6. Sigh, Mark hardlane and say "I\'m going offlane then" 7. Another guy pick BristleBack and said "Just let me offlane !" 8. OMGWTFBBQ ! .. Picking support, being a solo support 9. Working my  off stackin camps, buying wards, assisting on lanes 10. Have no items because few assist and didn\'t take any creeps 11. Lose miserably 12. Team said : "GG NOOB SUPPORT NO HELP AT ALL !!" 13. -25 MMR 14. Get Migrane, cries in the shower  11/10 would solo ranked again !
Dota 2 is like a black hole. It sucks in your time, energy and chance of getting laid.  But it's fun to spin around in.
I lost my life. I lost my friends. I lost my girlfriend. I lost my personality. I forgot my hobbies. I forgot my studies. I forgot my manners. And finally, when I thought life would get better, I lost my family.   GGWP 11/10 Would P[l]ay Again.
This Game taught me so much. How to Curse in Russian. How to Curse in Spanish. How to  in Russian. How to Curse in French. How to Curse in Dutch.   in Russian How to Curse in Chinese. How to Curse in Portuguese.     . This game has truly enlightened me.
Just follow these rules to play DOTA2:  How to act like a pro: 1. Make sure you have an intimidating nickname "ex: EZ RAMPAGE" 2. Pick mid carry or gay offlaner that u have GOOD/EXPENSIVE set 3. Say something scary (CapsLock :ON) "LET ME MID..TY" or "I GO SOLO BOTTOM/TOP" 4. Predict win! 5. Just lasthit like a pro (spamming "S") 6. When u feed just type "WTF LAG", when u got kill/ killsteal remember to laugh on all chat "HAHAHAHAHA" 7. When u win the game just say "EZ GAME"  How to cumback the game: #Normal Strategy 1. Remain calm and def inside. 2. Go rat game! Buy manta/necro and boots of travel. 3. Split push and wards anywhere. 4. Gank their opponent MVP w/ smoke until have no buyback. 5. Final push, there it is!  #TrashTalk Strategy 1. Blame their opponent carry can not fast end or have an ugly profile picture. 2. Call "ggwp no def, no buyback, end please!" 3. Chat to all, said ur team are noobs and kids! (there\'s phase your opponents underestimate your team and goin have fun with silly items build) "Space created~" 4. Then tells to your team. "Relax, you\'re doing fine", "Game is hard", and "Don\'t give up!". 5. Communicate to your team "we need teamwork". Who\'s tanker (blade mail / lotus), innitiator / disabler (dagger), carry / hitter (bkb), support heal / defensive aura (meka / pipe / etc) and rescuer (force staff / glimmer & wards) "insert your combowombo dream plans here" 6. Dream team here we go.  #Use sh*ttytalk properly and don\'t hate team.  Very simple game,, (y) Rate: 99/10
while the rest of you picked carry my eyes became teary i bought that donkey i bought those wards 4 tangos and 3 branches are all i got  i did those pull i did those deny but wtf you just died  the mid pudge wants me to ward the runes but the donkey is still crawling  they call me noob for not buying wards but a gold per second is all i get and i dont even have my boots yet
Choose in which Russia you want to play today: -Mother Russia -American Russia -Asian Russia -African Russia -Europe West Russia -Europe East Russia  Choose with which Russians you want to play today: -Native Russians -American Russians -Asian Russians etc.etc.  11/10 would Russia again!
In Dota 2,  Not many people speak your language. Not many people play well. Not many people talk nicely. Not many people work as a team.  But if you find people that do... You'll have the most fun you've ever had.
9/10 i am still waiting for the tenth player confirm
this game ruined my life
This game is the best dress up game since Hello Kitty Online Adventure.
If you want to have a great life with jobs, moneys, girl, etc, don't play this game.
who thought reborn was a good idea
This game protects my real life virginity.
Free russian dictionary!
1) set server region to Europe West 2) language preference - English only 3) find a match 4) realise that 5 people in your match are russians 5) get reported by them for PICKING riki 6) quit  Rating: ca/10
Game is okay but I still haven't done all the quests!   EDIT: Hahaha I never read the comments on this :D really hilarious! Mostly that I dont have a life and stuff, I'm happy to be informed of this! People that worry that I dont see the sun, I'm swedish, there's no sun to begin with so dont worry. People thinking I wasted 10000+ hours of my life, well this is my fulltime job for the last 3 years, streaming dota. I had great fun and made a sustainable income, just like anyone else who loves their job.
Skipped classes because of Dota 2. Made Girlfriend angry because of Dota 2. Learned to gamble because of Dota 2. Learned to curse because of Dota 2. Became a racist because of Dota 2.  Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 will ruin their lives again. and yes. no more girlfriend.
An accurate simulation of a Spanish and Russian invasion of the United States.
Cancer can be cured, Dota players&community cannot.
My captain picked me meepo against earthshaker, lich and ember spirit  10/10 would play again
"THE PUB SUPPORT"   "Where are wards?" The pub Carry demanded.  "I placed them and they were countered" the Support began, "I am trying to juggle giving you complete lane farm, protecting you and harrassing the enemy while saving to buy more, also possibly sentries to remove their-"  "UP COUR PLS" the mid hero politely added.  "Give Savle" The Carry demanded. "Certainly." replies the support, using the salve on the Carry who subsequently ran headlong into an enemy creepwave.  "So where is mek?" the Carry said, after he was ganked due to overextending. The Support died saving him and was treated to a rather enthusiastic series of map pings on his corpse.  "Again, having not even enough to buy boots as well as wards, I don\'t think a 7 minute Mek is viable." The Support replies. "Haha look your level, so low, noob" the Carry retorted. "U have no item xaxa".  "Well, jungle gold and experience through stacking and pulling with blocked camps is nowhere near as much as on lane which I attempted to give you, the carry, the priority over."  The Carry is subsequently ganked again at the enemy tower, oblivious to the enemy tp that the Support moved away from. "Report Support, usless" The carry cried in allchat, in between mentioning various aspects of the Support\'s Mother\'s anatomy.  "Instead of reporting and acting like that, why don\'t you try supporting for randoms sometime instead of instapicking a carry?" the Support asked, as he watched the Carry return to afk-lasthitting lane creeps.  "HAH, support is for noskill noobs like you!"
When Bloodseeker gets above a certain move speed he should make Race Car noises.
Playing this game on US East made my Spanish grade rise from a B- to A. 10/10 Best language learning tool.
I Became calm person in real life because of this game
DEVOURS YOUR SOUL
Every team consists of 5 people: 1.You 2.Russian Guy 3.Another Russian Guy 4.Russian Guy who speaks English 5. A 6 year old kid who slept with your mother  11/10 Too much Salt and * @,not enough Kurvva Would love to take another dose of salt and punch my little brother  (same review for CSGO and DOTA2 because they have that in common)
Skipped classes thanks to Dota. Learned to gamble thanks to Dota. Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota. Became racist thanks to Dota.  All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself.  Cancer can be cured, Dota community can't be.
HELP ME
SAD PLAY DOTO HAPPY PLAY DOTO SICK PLAY DOTO EVERYTIME PLAY DOTO ONCE IN CANT LEFT DOTO BEST GAME EVER
Everyone raise your hands and give me your energy so that I can uninstall this game and move on in my life. 1 Thumbs up = 1 energy.
help me
I hate Dota 2
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 9 years old when my Grandmother said to him, \'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.\'. He realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed my family. My Grandmother said to me- \'Don\'t ever smoke. Please don\'t put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 26, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I regret for never done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
>do presentation in school >topic is "what inspires you most" >pick memes >do a passionate speech about how memes inspire my dota play >my voice is shaking >nobody says a word when i finish >feel extremely awkward >nobody really talks to me after class, some girls giggle >when i leave teacher holds me back and just quickly whispers "i love memes too" >we just smile at each other for some seconds before i leave i feel so alive right now
Skipped classes thanks to Dota. Learned to gamble thanks to Dota. Learned to swear in 12 different languages thanks to Dota. Became racist thanks to Dota.  All in all, Ruin your life simulator. 10/10 would recommend if you are trying to kill yourself.  Cancer can be cured, SEA Dota community can't be.
Before I played:    / )  __  / (   ._, /7     |/ ` `-'_`   _')  After I played:  __ (   ) < /   //  _ // //| (( || |   ) | |) / ` ) L
This Game Teach Me  - How To Speak Philipines Ako Mid = I'm Mid Tagal Naman = What Took You So Long Wala Mid = Missing Middle Wala Axe = Axe Is Missing Wala Mana = No Mana Bobo = Sleepy upss I mean Idiot Teka Slardar = Wait for me Slardar  = B*tch Tara Mid = Push Mid Tara Top = Push Top Pugak = Split Push  Thanks Dota 2 I Can Learn Philiphines
Do something better with your life, don't make my mistake.
Remove this Game Install your Life .
stay away before it sucks your soul
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
Still cant figure out how to jump.
Complete waste of time. Trust me
i waste my life and money on one map please help me
Highly recommended if you want to learn pignoise language Bobo Gago Putang ina bobo Tang ina mo Tangina Tanga Putaang ina mo ...
Play at your own risk. - almost died from heart attacks. - a friend tried to kill me in real life. - i lost my job. - my girlfriend left me. - spent too much money on hats, now i'm bankcrupt. - gain too much weight from playing and eating junk food  10/10 would waste my life again
Before I played:   (   ) < /   //  _ // //| (( || |   ) | |) / ` )L After I played:    / )  / (   ._, /7     |/ ` `-'_`   _')
Simply the most realistic international relations simulator on the market
It took me awhile to realize how much time I have wasted.  10/10 would recommend
1,000 hours played: "OMG you have 1,000 hours played go outside and get a life you virgin" 100 hours played: "OMG you only have 100 hrs played you idiot noob delete Dota"  10/10 Dota community logic
I played this game a little and found it decent. 10/10
When I first started DOTA2 I was a little overwhelmed, as my first ARTS/MOBA game it was pretty complicated. I soon started to pick up the mechanics like last hitting and denying. Before I knew it, I was performing  and better. I stopped making silly  and  got vastly better at not  the enemy . For the  part, everyone I've met was very helpful and , there  the   however. As  - play DOTA2    ,  ,     .      !
This game helps you realize the stuggles that were present during the Cold War, and reinforces your fear of Russians, or at least playing with them. Team up with South Americans to battle the Russians and receive more negative feedback from your teammates than your ex girlfriend gave you about your small . Once you realize that the South Americans are also your enemies, you can play on their servers to escape them because everyone knows that they only play on the U.S. Servers to slowly damage our mental stability to aid them in their everlasting mission to feel like they don't live in a third world country.  10/10
Insalled game, Opened game, Found Match, "was told to pick an ""easy"" hero like sniper or wraith" picked sniper, was told to uninstall, told them to f-off, won game, reported salty nobs(there are plenty)  fell in lovewith the game, now have no life and cry myself to sleep at night.  awsome more than a game.
Dota2 community is seriously the best I've ever seen for my entire life. They're so concerned with us players to the point that they ask are you blind, are you stupid? Never in my life have I've seen someone who asked me such thing, it touched my heart. They're legit concerned that if I'm blind and stupid, probably they wan't to take me to the hospital if I really am. They even suggest to delete the game as I'm playing it too much! Best!
So much fun that you'll lose your mind and before you know it you've spent 2000 hours on it and you're left an empty shell of the person you were. This game is not for the faint hearted. You will be abused, beaten, broken, griefed, tormented and hated on the entire time, and yet you can't stop playing because of the high you get when you win an 80 minute comeback game against mega creeps and divine rapiers. This must be how drug addicts feel.  But is it worth it?  Dota 2 takes sane men and turns them into vile despicable human beings and you have to play with and against such people on a regular basis. To win you must now become captain of the SS dumbf**k and somehow try to convince your teammates fighting the enemy team and not their own is in their best interest.It's also got he highest concentration of DunningKruger patients in the entire online gamming community. Valve's terrible low priority system doesn't help.  Assuming you're a masochist and you aren't deterred by all of the above, you get to experience probably the best free online multiplayer game on the planet. With dota 2 you get...... 115 heroes, 100+ items,hundreds of 5 hero strategies, tens of thousands of lane matchups and infinite replayability. You can and will spend years just learning about each of them. Dota 2 has a thriving pro scene with the international giving out the biggest prize pools in all of esports and many regular sports. New patches and compendiums keep the gameplay fresh for most of the year. The latest international had a 95.5% pick rate of heroes which is a testament to how well the game is balanced. And if you're a gambling man, dota 2 is just the game for you. Introducing more lootboxes than any other game you've ever seen! Want literally any cosmetic in the game? Well there is a lootbox with your name on it waiting to be opened gabeN.  Just remember no matter how good you get at dota, you're never good enough....and you'll end up chasing the mirage of a high mmr and good players while trodding though mud and $h1t and you never realize it's not real till you're in too deep.
~[Today in International DOTA News]~  -More Peruvians are setting their preferred language to English without knowing a single word of it, despair is on the rise.  -Filipinos are committing mass suicide in ranked matches, shouting what frightened onlookers describe as a "wew".  -Russians agree that the only heroes worth playing in the game are Pudge, Invoker, and Sniper. However Russians themselves have no idea how to play these heroes, and continue to yell incomprehensible profanities in the chats.  -In other news it seems that Mexicans are causing world-wide panic as they do nothing of value, refuse to support/initiate/carry, steal vital last hits/kills, and feed on teams everywhere. The Mexicans strangely enough, cannot see that what they are doing is not only wrong, but is also making them look worse as a race.  -And finally the number of English players is decreasing substantially, as many take their own lives after losing match after match while on 4 stack teams of foreigners. This however will hopefully force the now homeless Peruvians and Mexicans into joining the Russian and Filipino servers, so they may kill eachother off at last. Bringing about the death of DOTA 2, and the start of world peace.  ~This has been Russell Stover with your International DOTA News, and
This game makes me want to kill myself
- Pick Tiny - Get mega creeps - Wait near enemy fountain with teammates - Toss teammates into fountain - Teammates died - Enemies team came back - Lost. Got reported.  11/10 would do it again.
i dropped college for this
dont play this game, it makes doing meth look healthy
Time, Mr Newell? Is it really that time again?
Great Russian language simulator.
the people in the game are really mean to me, even though i'm trying as hard as I can :( they say kill yourself :(
 .  .  s. s   s. s.
I don't remember what it is to be happy. This game stole the very memory of it.
If you are worried your children are doing drugs, show them this game. They will be too busy fulfilling their innermost masochistic desires while hopelessly right clicking that they will not have the time for drugs or friends or anything else really.
Rage inducing, tryhard killing, new swear words learning, this game has it all.
Played it for a few hours. Found it boring
DotA 2 Will drain you of your will to keep playing, and yet you will always return. DotA 2 Will make you regret ever playing it, and yet you will always think "Just one more game" DotA 2 Will take away all your free time, and yet you\'ll almost feel proud of how many hours you have in DotA 2.  With the time you spend on this game, you could do all sorts. Study on learning a new set of skills to further your career. You could raise money for charity. You could be an aid worker for a foreign country and help improve the lives of others. You could even just play other games, you know, those ones sitting in your backlog, pushed aside by DotA 2.  But you won\'t. You will always return to this game. The maximum you will learn from playing this game is how to insult others in various languages (mostly these languages will consist of Russian and Peruvian.). This game will become as much a part of your life as eating or blinking. Half the time you will not even remember having played DotA 2 on a certain day. It just becomes natural to you.  If you start playing this game, you become addicted. You will also spend obscene amounts of money on cosmetics. A quick chest purchase here, a few random items on the market there, and boom. Like me you\'ll have spent far too much on a game which needs no money spent on it. If you start DotA 2, not only will you be subjecting yourself to a motivation-destroying hobby, but also subjecting yourself to a wallet emptying one too.   tl;dr This game will take away your time, money and patience for others. You will become an angry person.  Basically 10/10 GOTY All years
Worst game in the universe                  But I still play it
I don't know how many times I have uninstalled this game.
---{Graphics}---  You forget what reality is  Beautiful  Good  Decent  Bad  Dont look too long at it  Paint.exe  ---{Gameplay}---  Addictive like heroin  Very good  Good  Its just gameplay  Mehh  Starring at walls is better  Just dont  ---{Audio}---  Eargasm  Very good  Good  Not too bad  Bad  Earrape  ---{Audience}---  Kids  Teens  Adults  Average Solitare Players  ---{PC Requirements}---  Check if you can run paint  Potato  Decent  Fast  Rich boiiiiii  Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{Difficulity}---  Just press A  Easy  Significant brain usage  Easy to learn / Hard to master  Difficult  Dark Souls  ---{Grind}---  Nothing to grind  Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks  Isnt necessary to progress  Average grind level  Too much grind  Youll need a second life for grinding  ---{Story}---  Story?  Text or Audio floating around  Average depends an DLC  Good  Lovley  Itll replace your life  ---{Game Time}---  Long enough for a cup of tea  Short  Average  Long  To infinity and beyond  ---{Price}---  There is no price  Worth the price  If u have some spare money left  Not recommended  You could also just burn your money  ---{Bugs}---  Never heard of  Minor bugs  Can get annoying  Assassins Creed: Unity  The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Got A+ on my Russian exam.
Three things are infinite: the universe, Russians on west Europe servers and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.    Albert ''CY-KA'' Einstein
If I spent those 700 hours learning knitting, I guess I\'d be pretty good at knitting by now. Instead I spent 700 hours doing this coprophilia and I still can\'t last hit.  EDIT 7/5/2017: My last year with this game was an endless cycle of: 1. remember the good things 2. install dota 3. have the most frustrating game in my life 4. uninstall dota Just don\'t even start.  EDIT 2016: On a serious note, DOTA is a great competitive team game that is really fun to play and really fun to watch. BUT it has one of worst communities I\'ve come across. Public games are a pure pain 90% of time because of this. I spent most of my 1000+ hours with my friends and even if there was 3 of us, there was still 2 other people on our team who were capable more than enough to ruin the game completely. I am not talking about skill level or gameplay habits but about conduct and morales. Your matches will be repeatedly ruined by idiotic people who can\'t behave themselves, refuse to cooperate and are not manly enough to admit defeat. No matter how good DOTA is at its core, the time I spent playing such matches was vastly irritating and I am never getting that time back.  Here\'s a list of some pretty standard stuff that you\'ll be dealing with EVERY. GOD*AMN. MATCH:  -very rarely anyone ever commends you for the good plays you manage (that is, if they even notice).  -if you screw something up, misclick or miss a spell, it\'s gonna be pointed out immidiatelly by your team and they will talk sh*t to you and shove it into your face for the rest of the match.  -should you ever raise constructive criticism against someone, no matter how kind words you use, that person will most likely not only refuse to learn from it, they will also start to actively look for any tiniest flaws on your side trying to look more pro than you.  -there is no such thing as asking for something. People just expect you to do something and then they talk sh*t to you that you didn\'t do it.  -people will constantly blame you for their own mistakes. It will mess with your head even though it\'s obvious the fault is on their side.  -people will start talking sh*t to you out of the blue and refuse to tell you the reason why they\'re doing it. If they\'re total fuc*ing idiots, they will just tell you to watch replay.  -you will be constantly reminded to uninstall dota.  -a teammate will seem completely oblivous to your attempts to communicate with them but will gladly say "noob" when you comment on the fact that they don\'t cooperate.  -if you\'re just having a bad day and your performance is outright bad, your whole team will start a f*cking crusade against you. They will start talking the enemy team into reporting you and they will very likely sabotage your gameplay in various ways.  -at a certain point when victory seems too far, some of these ret*rds just have a breakdown and will remain afk and just move occassionally to not be auto-kicked by the game, effectively ruining the match and wasting time of anyone on their team who actually wants to play.  -if there is no one specific to blame for losing, they will just throw it on the person with the lowest K/D. Preferably a healer support hero who rarely gets any kills at all.  This list is just a tip of the iceberg. I am constantly losing faith in humanity because of people in this game. If you ever meet someone who doesn\'t qualify for this list, send them a big hug from me, because it\'s those people who keep me playing somehow. With this in mind, I cannot possibly encourage you to have your precious time ruined by terrible cowardly people who don\'t understand that griefing and destructive criticisim aren\'t helping anything and can only make matters worse.
TL;DR: DOTA < beer < self-improvement. + You will curse the day you pressed that "install" button.  Okay, listen. If you are a competetive person, enjoy breaking your limits and achieving goals - don\'t even think of installing this game. JUST DON\'T ING DO IT. Try learning how to play guitar, salsa dancing, Java programming, anything. But not DOTA. Because after 3-4 years of playing and more than 4k matches you wiil feel the same  I feel now. It is regret. You will regret all that time you wasted on a computer game that gave you nothing back. Don\'t get me wrong, this is a great game. It is perfectly designed, it provides an incredibly wide range of emotions. BUT! You will eventually understand, that you could have used all that precious time to make yourself a better human being and already conquire this goddamn world. Instead of hitting creeps, destroying towers and raging on teammates. You might think of e-sport at some point. But game is not worth the candle. Just sit down and calculate chances yourself if you are seriously considering earning money playing it. If you just want to chill at weekends with friends playing a few matches - go for it, this is a great way to do it. But if I were you I would go to a nearby bar and find a good company and some adventures instead, it is far more interesting and profitable. Not recommended.  EDIT: Nice discussion in comments. Read through it if interested.
I never thought I would spend so much lifetime in a game that makes me want to kill myself every time I play it.           Please, send help.
I wanted to quit smoking so I started playing Dota (again) , but thanks to awesome community I'm smoking even more 10/10 would never play ranked again
you get to play as a blue knight, a silly version of frankenstein, an icicle, a guy who hates skyrim, a red mongol, your nightmares, a  on a bat, a redneck, a freaky skin exploder, an invisible gerbil, a drunk squirrel, a porcupine, a spider, a centaur, a knight with a gambling problem, whatever chen is, a skeleton, a robot wannabe, an eskimo, a purple conehead, a purple skeleton thing, a ghost, lightning riding a dinosaur, the concept of doom, a skyrim lover, blue woman group, a rock, a fat dog, an old titan, fire, bambi, gravity, time, a steampunk moustache, a spastic troll, eminem, everything and nothing, siamese dragons, a spastic knife wielder, an old guy, a pirate, a black angel, whatever leshrac and lich are, a zombie, a cosplayer, something that is totally not a lion, an old canadian, the scottish moon, a werewolf, a magnoceros, medusa, the pikachu of dota, a tiger woman, a tsunami, a siren, a PLAYAAAAA, asparagus, a , a scorpion, your neighbor, a magical human, the guy who gives hitmen their targets, the void, an assassin, cancer, a bird, a 13-year old, your friendly butcher, the prophecy, another cosplayer, a stove, the existence of invisibility, a sock, a sand castle, two shadows, a simpsons outcasts, a quiet guy, an angel, two fishes, a sniper, a female ghost, a fast rhino, a mexican lightning bolt, a rock, a shopping cart, a purple girl, terror, a fish, a guy who hates trees, a sniper with rockets, a rock going throught the stages of life, a tree, a troll, a snowball, a zombie, a bear, a vengeful person, a snake, a flying snake, a dragon, your weirdest teacher, a spider, the wind, a generic african, a hindu, and a god. 10/10
Product received for free  Dota 2 has Destroyed my Life.
Causes anxiety problems, low self esteem, Tourette's syndrome, mood swings, Bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.
I just played a few games ... rly nice - but hard game. Slowly i am getting into it...
Blame simulator 2014  10/10
Ruins your social life.Makes you sad and happy at the same time. Recommended for people who do not want a life.
Dota 2 is like an abusive relationship. It's not good for you, but you go back to it anyways because it's addicting. You'll lose a game, feel bad, play again, then if you win you'll feel just content. If you lose again, you'll play again. Repeat. There are good moments, there are bad moments, but most of all there are non-english speakers in english servers. Fortunately if you're looking to learn foreign swear words, this is definitely the game for you.  10/10 would cry again.
Things I gave to Dota 2: 1. Money 2. Time 3. Love 4. My relationship 5. More of the above  Things Dota 2 gave me: 1. Arthritis 2. Rage 3, Hatred of Russians and Russians 4. Broken keyboard 5. Broken mouse 6. 9/10 ready 7. Players feeding early game 8.  teammates 9. Competitive ranked matches 10. "Ez gg" spam 11. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing? 12. Lag - since the update 13. Late nights 14. People constantly disconnecting cause they have crap internet  Breakdown - Dota is a greedy gold digging woman, but I still love her <3.  11 / 10 will still play
Ruined my life and made me a racist.   this game,srsly. You'd better play bad rats than this sack o .
God bless anyone that dares to enter in this cesspool of toxicity
It's honestly the absolute worst piece of  I've ever played in my life. I regret every single second I've spent on it, and I would more readily recommend stomach cancer than this game.
If u want cancer, go play it.
Great Game! Been playing it since 2015 and still one of my favourite game of all time!
More toxic than flint water
Spent 4k hours on this game, I could have finished another graduation with this time.
Causes brain damage and illiteracy
Supporting in dota 2 is like chemistry  If it's easy you're doing it wrong
After wasting my +2000 hours on it, i think i can say something about this game.  First of all, this review is not a humorous one. I\'m writing it seriously to give information about this game. Because it is so popular and too many people want to learn something about it including who has never played it and starters. I think this review will be informative for these people, gamers who has spent couple of hours like me, knows everything i am going to try to tell.  After this short introduction, we can start:  -Russians\' problem is not about being Russian. Due to the game\'s popularity among Russian players, there are too many bad (always swears, doesnt play as its a team game, doesnt speak english in eu servers etc.) Russian players. But there are also too many nice Russian players. Briefly, the problem is not about being Russian, if there are 10 gamers in dota, 4 of them will be bad players, if there are 1000, 400 of them. Thats the point.  -If you want to play this game to get relaxed, dont do it. After few matches you will find yourself more depressed, angry or sick instead of relaxed or enjoyed. The bad players are the reason for it. As an illustriation; you started a game to get enjoyed, looked the picks, someone rushed carry heroes without saying anything and suddenly said "me mid" or "me solo" etc., ok thats right you are still relax, you picked a support for your team, they somehow fed the enemies, ok still you are relaxed, they started to argue with each other, they started to swear and fed the enemy team on purpose just because of their arguement, ok you are still trying to convince them to stop it but you feel angry, and then you will lose the game. This type of games are not so rare in dota. 3 over 10 games are being played according to this nutshell. Therefore, it is highly possible that you will find yourself in a very bad mood instead of enjoyed after playing dota.  -Then, why people still playing it too much? Why there is not just bad players in the community now? Because it is addictive. You can not get rid of it. If someone trolls your game, you want to play again and wish to play with better players, if you win the game, you want to win again and increase your mmr, if you lose the game you want to play again to get your mmr back. Shortly, you will want to play again after every game. However, if you are sure that you can stop playing whenever you want, this reason is pointless for you.  -Meaningless mmr system. When i first heard about mmr system i was quite excited. Because it ideally provides an environment that includes less trolls and bad players. However, the system is completely meaningless. Player profile and skills are same at 1k,2k and 3k mmr. Once you get your mmr, it is very hard to increase it too much since every win increase it 25, every lose decrease it 25 and as i said before, player profile is same at 1k 2k and 3k, when you have a bad player in your team it is nearly impossible to win that game etc. It is completely up to your team. So, how people get too high mmr\'s? They have this mmr at the begining. And how they did it? There is no clear information about it. Valve does not announce how it is being calculated. For example, i played 10 first ranked games with 8 wins, i played support and carries, buy wards and couriers when i was support, i carried the game almost on my own when i was carry, but my mmr was 2200 when some people get 4k starting mmr. This system also a fact about this game\'s addiction but doesn\'t help kind players about creating a better environment.  -All in all, i dont recommend this game just because of its community. The game is a master piece, master of MOBAs, it is a great thing that only you can spend your money on cosmetic items in the game, it has great graphics etc. However, it has a really bad community and you will find yourself as one of those bad players when you play more and more and it becomes impossible to get rid of it. On the other hand, if you have a great mental power and patience, play it, i completely recommend it. This review was written for normal patience leveled people. I dont say "Dont waste your time, go and do some social activities", if u want to play video games, dont play it go and play more enjoying games.  -Lastly, i have an advice for valve, it would be better if there will be an administrator system in dota. People who works professionally and for money for this administrator job would examine players\' matches who get reports too much and if they see that they are bad players (as defined at the beginning) they should be banned from game for few days or their mmrs should be decreased. Now, it is done completely automatic and so after some low priority matches bad players can continue trolling.  I hope it would be helpful for people who hasnt spent too much time on dota and it would be read by people except from my friends :D  ************************Some Suggestions************************  I wrote this review when this game made me feel so bad and desperate. I lost my will to play dota. However then, thanks to some sensitive comments, I started to play dota only with my friends. Now I have some suggestions for people who have similar feelings about dota as I mentioned in my review months ago.  -As some people say in comments of this review, play this game with your friends. After writing this review I have rarely played solo games and it feels better.  -Participate in some tournaments. After lots of bad pub match experiences, that tournament atmosphere offers a great dota experience. You can participate in ESL\'s or other platforms\' open tournaments for free.  -Finally,never give up! You can encounter very kind players as well. After a bad pub game performance, your teammates maybe say "uninstall dota" etc. but after then you can participate in tournaments with your friends. Just do not give any importance what they say. You can see similar things in this review\'s comments section. There are very kind, sensitive and suggestive comments which try to help me and lots of depressing, offensive comments. Same is true for the player profile in dota, just dont give any importance what the haters say!  ***Final Note*** For the guys who say "why don\'t u recommend the game while playing it too much", please read the review again, this review is a complete answer to your question.  GOOD LUCK & HAVE FUN :D  UNFORTUNATELY, IO LOST THE ARCANA SHOWDOWN (2015) :(  UNFORTUNATELY, IO LOST THE ARCANA SHOWDOWN AGAIN , BUT THIS TIME AT FINAL STAGE (2016) :(   Edited: Game hours are updated and some grammar mistakes are corrected. "Some Suggestions" section added. Thank you all for suggestions, comments and rate ups. Final Note section added. Io\'s arcana showdown adventure expanded.
I've punched more holes in my wall then you could imagine playing this game. 11/10 recommend.
At least I enjoyed the uninstallation.
100 hours and still don't know what is happening on my screen ...
When in a game, if someone type this words : putang ina, bobo, ako mid. Leave the match, don't ever ask why, just do it. This is an important message for everyone, leave the match.
mid or feed.
Drink Vodka, Win Dotka!  It`s OK.
blame simulator  rage simulator  angry simulator  blood boiling simulator  if you have a bad day and want to blame someone , play this game  if you have a good day and want to ruin it , play this game
DOTA 2 is my favorite way. The program lets me assume the role of another creature, helping me experience our oneness with the universe.  I like to assume the position of the dinosaur-riding, lightning-wielding, half-lizard half-man. I like to join servers with up to nine other disciples, be Disruptor (as he is called), and go to the jungle, closing my eyes; there I concentrate on my breathing.  The other disciples (woefully) always curse at me. I usually have to mute them. I do so to concentrate on being one with the virtual nature. (I cant afford to go to national parks, so this is the best thing). Sometimes I see lots of colorful exclamations points and these PING PING PING PING PING sounds occur around my character. They are beautiful.  One time someone said, THE ?! LEVEL 1 DISRUPTOR, BUY COURIER YOU ING RETARD! And the truth is there are many players like him. They arent at peace with themselves. Perhaps if he came into the forest and hummed koans with me, and he had done so as the giant, walking tree, then he would see his greater consciousness. All the negative energy would leave his body, and wed share a moment of experiencing our Buddha nature.  In my experience, sessions last about 10-20 minutes. And initially it did not take long to find a server; apparently Ive been moved to low-priority matchmaking. But thats okay. I just assume the lotus position in my chair and wait patiently. The only downside to this is that sometimes I forget to click the "accept" button.
Decent game, trash players. TRUE STORY AHEAD!  If you enjoy playing with kids and ruskies (EU servers are infested with them) that do nothing but flame and rage, this game is perfect for you.  I played this game a lot with my friends until they all became dedicated junglers and forced me to play support 90% of our games. I didn't even get a chance to play some heroes because they were all over me on teamspeak if I did something wrong. I became afraid.  Sometimes on LAN parties I actually thought I might not make it back home alive. My friends were chugging Monsters like addicts and eventually they became monsters themselves. It was all about getting to 2k MMR, and the game consumed them. They changed.  Somehow I managed to escape the grasp of this game and now live a happy life. I still play a round every once in a while as a reminder how  people can be, and how better person I have became ever since I stopped playing. Mark my words and stay away from this game.  If you find yourself in this review and need counseling, feel free to contact me.  Peace out. Boo
Dota 2, where do I start. This game has ruined my social life, I spend every day on this game, training, waiting, and drinking through my mountain dew, to one day become the greatest.  My father said to me, "Son, you will never be dondo."  I said to my father, "Dad, I mid, or I feed."  My dad dropped to the ground in tears, screaming at the all mighty gabe newell, begging for his son back, but it was too late, I was already back on dota, at mid, blaming my team for sucking  This game is why I wake up, Why I masturbate, why I decide that masturbating while playing is a good idea. Thank you for such an amazing game, without this game I would have nothing to get mad at when I am rock solid.
Tired of life ? Come and waste your life here .
i like to dress up the people but i dont want them to fight  i want them to get along
Most realistic Russia simulator.  Vodka out of 10
Joining DOTA 2 is like moving to America from another country.  As a new immigrant, you will be yelled at, spit upon, called racial slurs that are incorrect to your nationality, and screamed at for being stupid and ignorant. You will be a drain on every match causing the economy of your team to drop with your silly actions. Those who are "long-time natives" will support your with their skilled labor. You will be given gold to buy things that you don\'t deserve.  After several hundred hours of work, for which you see little to no compensation, you will finally do something right. People will look at you in shock. How did this second rate citizen do so well? Was it blind luck? A miracle? The immigrants who have no desire to assimilate will continue to laugh at you (jajajajajaja) and shame you, yelling at you in Spanish and Portuguese. But if you keep at it, if you do nothing but play, you will have more of these moments where the real citizens start to treat you as one of their own. Even complimenting, nay, commending you from time to time. On that long road to being a citizen of this new capitalist jungle if you succeed, you will be praised and glorified. You will given wealth and fame. People will watch your every move and pay you money to learn to be you.  If you already live in America, and don\'t want to learn what it feels like to be an immigrant, then you could continue to sit on your entitled white  and play Heroes of the Storm.  If you like this review, check out some of my other reviews: Or check out my blog:
Just don't.   Stay healthy.
I played on EU West, and set my language option to English.  I now speak 5 different languages.
ruined my life. 10/10
As a colourblind user, the HUD has completely screwed me over. I'm having difficulty to differentiate between greyed out skills/items and coloured (readied) ones.  The HUD itself is poorly implemented. A lot of crucial features is missing unless you press alt, which just further distracts me from the gameplay.  I dunno. I see their point on making the HUD more snappy/intuitive, but its a step back for me
Im gonna go detailed on this one , sorry for bad english  This is my opinion of Dota 2  Community : When people supporting the team as a support hero.  ~First 10 minutes~ *enemy dewards* "WARD WARD WARD WARD WARD WARD WARD AGAIN" *no response in 3 seconds" "tang ina no support "  ~When killing an enemy~ "OI KILL STEAL , I NEED MONEY DUH DO SOME SUPPORTING"  this one really get in my nerve ~When i take Bounty rune~ Carries : "GG im not gonna be fat"  When i try to be a nice carry  ~When picking heroes~ *Me Picking riki* "Hehe can someone support?" *All pick agi\'s*  ~First 2 minutes~ "Heyy lion can you buy ward?* "Why me ? you think im a lion and i have to support ? *** ** ** * ** ** *"  ~Mid game ~ "Wait i need farm" "GANK PLS DONT FARM , YOU NOT PLAYING FARMVILLE"  ~Late game ~ "YOU NOT FAT . stupid you had one job.Farming "But i thought we\'re not playing farmv.." "SHUT UP GG NOOB"  When i try playing mid  ~When enemy first blood you~ "GG mid ill report"  ~When you decide to farm a little more~ "GANK LA STUPID report this mid noob"  Zero respect for the newbies , keep calling them "noobs dont play uninstall dota " wont change a thing Anyway. Toxic deadly not inspiring full of hate words Community. Dont try this game if you cant control your self , there\'s plenty game in steam that with great community.  Game : The game itself are great , you can choose one from 50+ heroes with different skill set and animation. What make Dota 2 fun and addictive because the knowledge/hardskill about dota that you got from experiencing a lot of playing or someone taught you used to defending your Ancient ( Or your HQ) and destroying theirs.While doing this , you can(and must) collaborate with your other 4 teammates with different heroes and skill set to try make the best Offense/Defense. Really really enjoyable if you play with your friends or family.  Well guess now , what if you got a  toxic teammate ? don\'t bother ganking together, make one mistake may get you reported and mocked  Tips if you want enjoy Dota for a long time : Make sure you have friend/family playing it too.If you ever play a Single game and you met this stranger with fun attitude,forgiving yet teaching ,know ways of dota, commend them and don\'t scared to ask if they want to be your Steam friend.Because kind like them are extremly rare. Its like getting Mew in Pokemon  Gameplay 9/10 Fun 9/10 Community 0,5/10 Play it with friends or family 10/10  Overall for me 6/10  Feel free to comment on agree or disagree , i will respond Remember, Dont be A hate in Dota 2
Dear Boys & Girls!  The most fantastic game that improves skillset used in everyday life!  After a couple of hours I already got the hang of the game. It is a real rewarding piece with a beautiful community that is keen on helping you improve and unleash your hidden potential. Even though I've achieved the highest Badge possible in the game (which is also a great and original idea to somewhat categorize players), I am still reminded day-by-day that I'm pretty new to the game and I should focus on polishing my skills, which is a huge help since I am somewhat a maximalist.  The Dev Team is amazing and fast to reply in cases of bugs, broken things throughout the game that would otherwise alter the potential outcome of important Ranked Matches. I would highly recommend it to people thinking about taking up a semester abroad or such since it does help You enourmously when it comes to foreign languages.  After just 2 years I was fluent in Russian and Spanish even though I have never taken a class before and this allowed me to travel to St Petersburg and Barcelona taking my language skills to the next level. It's easy to make friends, people have no prejudice when it comes to your Badge, Divine (highest rank in the system) players play with Heralds (lowest rank in the system) and enjoy spending some free time with their fellow bratushki.  I would also like to thank Valve for the amazing support towards amateur and semi-professional teams, the sponsoring of various national tournaments all over the globe and the ability to connect with each other in real life through this amazing franchise.   - The game rewards You trying really hard to win games and works on pushing you even further. The higher your impact in games, the lower impact people it will match with you, resulting in you having to push even harder. Amazing!  - Understand people from all over the globe through simple words, hieroglyphs, and ancient text. Being able to acquire and share information in a new and intuitive way.  - Some people take the role of the good soldier and some that of the leader. With Power however comes Great Responsibility. You are ready to make calls and lead your team towards victory? Keep in mind that you will also be accounted for the consequences of a miscall. But in the end you will become more daring and even better at leading with example!  - The more you play the more advanced you become and analysis, prediction and understanding of movement and thoughts of people you have never met before. Paired with your glorious Communication Skills you will be able to share and respond to any situation. You will effectively be able to see the future as it is!  - While most games are circa 30 minutes long, in some games you spend a wonderful 1,5 hrs time together with 9 other nice people who you learn to know during this experience. The longer the game lasts however, the harder it becomes since any small mistake you make can be the end of the struggle. You acquire the ability called Laser Focus: eyes on the goal, maximum efficiency, 0 error factor. High level players have iron nerves!  - As human beings we must understand that sometimes we win and sometimes we learn. After lost games we still are eager to learn from our mistakes, commend the people that accounted for the win on the opposing team and pat the weaker players on the back. Standing up after a failure is a key factor in creating something new, in evolving. DotA is a major enhancement in this area.  Give it a try, enjoy your time and who knows we might meet in game! ;) Cheers,
Don't waste yo time
its ok for a few hours i guess.
Russian speaking simulator
If youre looking for reasons to kill yourselves this is the perfect game.
Got to believe in magic  Tell me how 5 players find each other~  In a server full of cancers   -25/10
farming simulator then feed simulator 1/10 but stilll playing lel pubs scrubs
How to make friends in Dota 2 : A detailed guide.  Step 1 : Start a match Step 2 : Write Good luck, have fun guys! Step 3 : Get insulted and called an american burger idiot, retard f*ggot c*ck putin f*cker Step 4 : Finish the match Step 5 : Wish you never played this game and consider commiting suicide  And thats how you make friends in Dota 2 !
I cant willingly recommend this game to anybody and go to sleep at night knowing what I did. The best way to describe my relationship with this game is that I hop on discord almost every night after renting cars to awful people, and ask my canadian friend if he wishes to suffer with me. He will begrudgingly say yes and so we will join. We are paired with screaming, , knuckle dragging south americans who also equally hate themselves, and then indulge in the most masochistic and unpleasent videogame experience you could ever imagine. You can spend 45 minutes solid winning, and then one mistake turns the whole thing up on its head. But what is the worst part?  You will never be satisfied. If you win you just nod your head sadly, because you know an hour of your life is gone forever, if you lose, you just laugh at yourself and shrug, saying "what did I expect, look what I am doing with myself". You can never get that hour of your life back. The cycle repeats every night, forever. If you hate yourself, you will find solace in the fact that you have a safe way of reliquishing your pain. Truly only the mad, the self loathing, the angriest, and the stupidest people play dota 2 willingly. If you count yourself amoung those, I welcome you to the community.  Welcome.. welcome to the dumpster...where you belong.
Dota 2 yes, the game that makes you go 'WTF is this load of horse ' on your first game, and go total ape  when you finally get your first kill. A game that will suck you in with temporary overdose of dopamine that will reward you with absolutely ing nothin and before you know it you spend thousands of hours decaying in this pile of shitbag.  Don't get me wrong, the game in itself is beyond amazing.However the community is some ed up , Players who start feeding with their heroes or couriers just because you accidentally took their last hit, and theres nothing you can ing do about it except using your ing puny 3 reports which will literally do nothing. Players who spam ping you for every small mistake you make. Rats that will insult you on a personal level as following  Never ever in a game will you find a community as toxic as dota. Too many unchecked slum rats with extra chromosomes resulting from 6 Generations of inbreeding. Guaranteed trashtalking in 90% of games if youre in the trash tier like myself. This game will turn you into a racist scumbag who has banged everyones mother or be the victim of having your mom banged by everyone In the end you'll wonder how your kidney is still functioning with all the salt, and wonder if those thousands of hours you played was worth it. You'll question your life choices, you'll question your very own existence, and feel like starting your own genocide against a whole race because of all the A Holes you meet in your games.  It was fun while it lasted. Just dont get to it, please.. Its not worth your time
DOTA helps you realize the uselessness of the real world. I now know how futile it is to have a girlfriend, a college degree, a job etc.. All you need is a bunch of tangoes, some branches and clarity, and the world is all yours.
League of Russia
Suffering
"Welcome to the Salty Spittoon. How tough are you ?" "How tough am I ? I play Dota Yesterday." "Yeah, so ?" "With Russian, and manage to won the game." "Right this way sir, sorry to keep you waiting"
cancers everywhere
Play EU servers " !" Play SEA servers "PUTANG INA BOBO!" Play local servers "ASU DANCOK!"  10/10 get feed
for people who want to explore and delve into the dark abyss that is the human mind
While playing this game you might as well move to Russia after a couple of hundred hours
Dota Plus? EA says hi.
Very fun game! Highly recommended.  Pros: -Very Fun -Makes Friends -Learn Foreign Languages  Cons: -Makes you Racist -Sucks up your Time -Makes you angry -Get High Blood Pressure -Infinite Toilet you Throw Monies in -Makes you a Hateful Person -Possibility of Carpal Tunnel  10/10 Highly Recommended
Don\'t do it! Walk away from this game now. This game is meth, rotting teeth and all.  What you THINK this game is: 5 players working together to win, using various tactics and communication. You\'ve seen some pro player highlights maybe, and you want to be in that mix of battle.  What this game really IS: angry gamers that are addicted to this broken game, and want to make your life suck. Don\'t believe me? Look at the "new player" summary, the DEVs have literally locked new players away from the toxic trash that inhabits this game. If you\'re still not sure, the DEVs have made it that your first 25 games, you are only matched with players with "consistently high behavior ratings." So, 1% of the population. Who you will never hear from again once off your 25 game "training". They also keep you away from the stupid "carry" set up they have going. A "carry" is a hero that can 1v5 the enemy after 50 minutes of farming non-stop without fighting almost at all. So you might be rumbling in lane all match, inching up those kills and pushing the lanes... then 50 minutes clicks over and here comes their carry. Let\'s assume your carry isn\'t ready or just sucks. This is the internet, so 100% that person is on your team, despite randomness. So your slow, grudging win that you were 10 minutes away from? Now that carry kills your whole team by themselves, without ever needing help. Ooops! And now they\'ve destroyed your base.  And that doesn\'t cover the cowardly, who don\'t know that they\'re cowardly. It might be you! They stand in the background of fights, holding their heavy-hitting ability ready, waiting for the enemy to get low HP so they can swoop in to kill. It\'s satisfying! But it also means the 5v5 fight is really 4v5 b/c someone is not participating. Usually the 5 man team will win out, and the coward in the back? They start running--too late! The enemy has gap closers and run them down, killing them also. Like I said, these players don\'t even know they\'re doing it. They\'re thinking "why couldn\'t my team do a better job and wear the enemy down so I could finish them off?!"  People will rage. They will die purposefully to throw the game ("feed"). They don\'t speak English and are angry about that for some reason. You CANNOT LEAVE the game during an hour long match. And it is an hour long. Every time.  So what you think you are getting into is a well-organized battle game, like a highly-trained football team out there on the field; what you are really getting into is an unsupervised playground for little kids. There is screaming, bullying, someone pushing someone off the slide, someone throwing pine cones at his friends, a weird kid staring off into space.  Why people play this game? Becuase we\'re idiots and think "next game, I\'ll have a good team." and "I screwed up that build, I\'ll try again!" Or maybe "I need a new hero, that one sucked!"  And you cannot change this outcome by yourself. No matter what you do. Your team wins when they are selfless and work to let the carry farm mindlessly all match. You lose because someone (or everyone) on your team was selfish or just angry at the world (take a guess how many people that is on the internet...).  This is an hour long game. You CANNOT leave. The trolls and jerks usually start screaming or typing insults by 4 minutes into this. You CANNOT leave. The guy that doesn\'t speak English is now mad because people are calling him names he vaguely recognizes, so he starts feeding on purpose for the rest of the hour long game. You CANNOT leave. The opposing team realizes that you have the team that is falling apart faster than theirs, so they start typing "NOOBS" and "EZ!" in all caps every 2 minutes as they kill you repeatedly. And as they kill you, they get more gold, more xp, and the process steamrolls to the point where you cannot make a comeback by the 30 minute mark... the loss is complete... after the full hour (the winning team doesn\'t want to end early, they\'re enjoying their fleshed out heroes destroying yours). You CANNOT leave.  Walk the f**** away and send me a Xmas card as a thank you.
All cancers can be cured except SEA cancer.
Worst game ever
- Enters game - Chooses Hero - Types "GLHF" - 76 mins later, the enemy replies "EZ noob tang ina"  In summary, its a great game to play with the right people but mostly you will meet uncivilized trash talkers. The pros and cons down here   Cons:  - Toxic community - Infested with players who don\'t know how to speak proper english - Insane learning curve - Rage Simulator - Teamwork is a joke - Everyone wants to be that guy who "carries your team to victory". - Have a direct impact on your social life - Unbalanced heroes  Pros:  - Extremely fun to play with FRIENDS - Guaranteed to protect ur virginity
Things I gave to DotA: 1. Money 2. Time 3. Love  Things DotA gave me: 1. Arthritis 2. Carpal tunnel syndrome 3, Hatred of Russians, Mexicans, Spanish, Peruvians, and Pinoys. 4. Broken keyboard 5. Broken mouse 6. 9/10 ready 7. Server crashes 8. 4 stacks of Russians in EUW servers on English preference settings 9. Ranked matches 10. Free to play but Pay to win games (I.E. - Foreseer\'s contract, New Bloom 2015) 11. "It\'s in the bag" spam (especially Skywrath) 12. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing? 13. Split second math - Reliable/Unreliable gold and gold loss on death vs. Buyback availability - This is good too  Essentially - DotA is a greedy woman, but I love her all the time.  11 / 10 would play again
So, here are some limericks about Dota 2 that may help you decide whether to play or not... Sorry in advance  There once was a man named zeus His team put him mid on the loose He could totally  But had no escape and so he got ganked like a moose  One time Pugna I tried to play But forgot that there is no way To get more than five health Without massive wealth And bounty hunter stuck his peepee in my bum over and over and over and I cried  Sometimes if there is a dragon You need to purchase a dagon And then you go ZAP And all 'cross the map People made the excuse they were laggin'  Nyx nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx Nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx nyx nyx Nyx nyx nyx nyx Nyx nyx nyx nyx nyx Nyxnyx nyx nyxnyx nyx nyx nyx  There once was a brave little feller Who wanted to be the best speller But he was russian And people are 's So now he lives in a cellar  There once was a brave little a bear Who smoked into Roshan's lair So hard he tried But he got bashed and died And now his team is giving him the glare  If you play dota beware Because it's sometimes a pit of dispair Advice you will heed But your teem will still feed And then you will switch to solitair  So I just wasted a solid 25 minutes making jenky limericks about dota... Just play the game, it's awesome
This is the best MOBA game ever made, simply a masterpiece, but also has one of the worst communities. I sometimes end up frustrated, tired and in a bad mood when i can't win a single game in 6 hours of straight gameplay just because of bad players who get in your games to ruin them. Theyre're not just noobs, they just love trolling and ****ing up others people fun.  If you're noob and wish to play Dota, make sure you have patience and time. Becoming good in this game is really hard, takes years to master and you'll never get to call yourself a pro.  If you decided to start Dota, DO NOT play online. Practice with bots first, read guides, read items and abilities descriptions first, you got to study before playing in a real game with humans. It can be very frustrating for old players to deal with people that simple come to ''try out'' a new game into their matches and ruin them. Please. Someday you will realize what i mean with this.  I play DotA since 2007 (Dota 1) and I have hit my keyboard, laughed, yell'd to my girlfriend for no reason and even let my bad mood affect my scores in school because instead of studying math, I decided to stay late playing and made me lose time I could spend with friends. Lost many good stuff I could have done out-game because I said ''One more match...'' which became 10 more matches... and ended up totally frustrated without winning one of them, unable to sleep well those nights. Due to this, to the careless community and the fact that your mood can be affected by DotA and how it makes you feel, i can't recommend this game.  Dota is not just another game to your library. You have to be very careful when you decide to play this.
Don't get me wrong i've always wanted to learn a new language and thx to dota now i speak fluent  bliyat 10/10
This game has caused me to have a legitimate hatred for anything South American.
I have 2000 HOURS Normal: Garbage Ranked: Garbage Custom Games: Decent I've supported 70 percent of games I've attempted to keep calm I've attempted to do everything in my sanity to enjoy this. If you want you play this having some sort of fun or enjoyment play with friends. That's the only reason I play this now. This is the pure honest truth of someone who has attempted this. You think MMR matters. You think stats matter. You think only you matters. Thats the only thing I ever see. Its a matter of fact that I'm addicted to this game at times. I've had games playing with the dumbest idiots being my friends yet those games I've had more fun in being the stupid stuff we do or how we mess around them being half drunk and laughing. That's how Dota should be. Drunk and having fun. Something this community can't understand No matter how much you try, how good you get it won't get better. I can't recommend this game because of what it has done to me as a person and how half of the hours in game I've spent in anger rather than at least mild amusement. Anyone from pros to rookies can agree honestly on this one thing.  this game
- Too much water  7.8/10
ruined my life 10/10
Its a fun game, but it will tear your soul out if you aren't careful. Also a free but rather rage inducing Roseta Stone. Learn up to 6 languages today!
This review is totally honest. I spent hours upon hours on this game. It was a horrific and quite a sad journey to reach the "not bad" skill bracket. Everything in this game, from the toxic community to the rage I have had to endure for this game was difficult and nearly impossible for me to accomplish but i did. After the 1500 hours, I questioned myself, what did I do this for? The fame and money or the fact that the game is so addicting that I chose to play 10 hours of DOTA 2 before my exam. (The result was an E grade which is not bad...Is it??). Could it be that I watched TI6 and TI7 and was inspired to make my mark on the aegis of champions. Whatever the reason, my family despised me for what i had become. In short: DOTA 2 is a game which is not free to play. It requires you to sell your soul to the devil (Valve) and leave your current life for you to become a legend.
Dota 2 is an ARTS/MOBA. Although it\'s a video game, it taught me a lot about what to do in the real world!  1. Communication - Before Dota 2 - "Hey dude how you doing?" "Doing pretty well thank you" After Dota 2 - "Hey dude how you doing?" " you noob"  2. Work - Before Dota 2 - Employed After Dota 2 - Unemployed  3. Other Games - Before Dota 2 - "Lel I got 60 games in my library play 2 hours a day" After Dota 2 - "Lel I got 1 game in my library play 24 hours a day"  4. Relationships - Before Dota 2 - Girlfriends After Dota 2 - Hero Cosmetics  5. Political Views - Before Dota 2 - Immigration is GREAT the United States couldn\'t survive without it! Let in those Hispanics! After Dota 2 - ING PERUVIANS TAKING MY MONEYS KILL EM ALL DONT LET EM IN DONALD TRUMP 2016 BIBLETHUMP  Final Verdict - 3/22 Would feed again.
no io arcana, more like no guy buy
Doto 2 should be used in schools to teach the student russian, portugese and spanish.
this game is awful i have no idea why i play it
In this game you can: 1- Murderer trees 2- Kill an ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese 3- Learn at least 9 different languages in every single match 4- Kill others players for no apparent reason 5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours
I usually play this game to relax and wind down because of it\'s super nice community. It calms my spirit to be told to "get rekt " and "neck yourself you feeder nub". I especially enjoy it when super awesome pro players stream the games to twitch and say that their 5 viewers are laughing at me. Classic banter. Every now and then I\'ll give back some playful jabs but I\'m not very imaginative. My favourite lines are "i\'ll wear your skin kunt" and "your whorsish mother will taste your  blood tonight stain"  Classic banter
TL;DR: Don\'t even start! Toxic community, destroys your life. (edit: don\'t miss out on the comments of this review!)  The first time I played Dota was 10 years ago when it was still on WC3. I stopped playing for some years and got back to playing since last year. Two reasons why you should avoid this at all cost:  1. Toxic community: the worse out there! It is almost a given that someone on your team or the enemy team will start some aggressive flaming for no good reason. Racist remarks are the norm. Whenever somone dies, someone else gets blamed/flamed. Extremely toxic! After enough hours of gameplay, this type of exposure is bound to spillover on you and give you a very negative outlook of life. What I noticed in me and my friends is that this blaming/flaming culture influences us that we tend to unknowingly flame others back in response. Definitely not the kind of person I want to be. Don\'t expose yourself to such negativity in life!  2. While the gameplay is amazing, keep in mind that this game is highly addictive. I once told my friend that he can do so many other things in life if he doesn\'t play dota. His response was "If i don\'t do other things in life, I can dota more." I feel like this is the best way to describe how addictive this game can be. He plays at higher level games (5k+ MMR). He has since stopped, and I\'m so proud of him. Before, he used to play all day for over 10 hours until 5am in the morning. Neglected college and everything else. I fell into that same rabbit hole. I averaged 40-50 hours a week of dota. Totally soul sucking and toxic. I started having to hide this addiction and not tell others because of the shame of spending so much time on a video game. Neglected college and life. I stopped going out, stopped socializing. Most of the interaction I encounter everyday is from the toxic community. You can imagine how much I degraded. Because this addiction took over my life, I feel that my mental state of mind is so poor now. Low confidence in doing everything else because of all the time wasted in dota.  So, this is kinda like my confession here. A way to help me break out of this, and a reminder to not relapse into such a unhealthy and pathethic state of living. Do yourself a favour and focus on real life, which matters and lasts. Don\'t waste hundreds and thousands of hours on this game that will not add to anything in your life; it will only bring you negativity.  Live life to the fullest. Time is the one thing you can NEVER get back. Do not regret.
this game is awful i have no idea why i play it
A good way to stay in the bubble longer than you probably should.
I have been playing this game for 3 miserable years and \'m wrinting this review as an advice.  To whom it may concern..  Uninstall this game and run for your life before its too late. Maybe the reader now giggling and drawing an image on his/her mind says this guy is a nerd. No im not, I\'m a fitness guy with good shape studying engineering, which I had a social life in the past . I lost too much things on my life most of them are privacy/personal things not going to write them down but one of them is my education 24 years old still studying engineering because of this game. If you are going to say that you can manage your day between playing "DOTA" and studying or working you are wrong because the average match time is 35 min *only 1 match. So 35 min  3 games per day = 105 min. Not mentioning that some games exceed 1 hour if both teams played well. Please take this as an advice from 24 years old guy who has been suffering for 3 years because of this game I sucked on education you can be better than me and quit, I destroyed my dream and now im trying to bring it back wish me good luck.  Please this is not a "joke post" and this advice aiming on teenagers who want to achieve their future dreams just don\'t play this game its in AWESOME game but you have to pay your life for it.  Your choice life or Dota and this is not a joke if you throw my words away just please save my comment on your favorites and come back after 3 years don\'t cry if your life got ruined.  Save my comment if you don\'t want to take my advice you can visit this comment again.  Most of positive reviews are written by Valve\'s agents believe me.
Half-Life 3 died for this.
Bring me back my time pls
after playing 1000 h on diffrent accounts i came up with this fact, dont play ranked as long as you have family and your life to care for.
DONT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU LIVE IN SOUTH EAST ASIA
I think many good game. My favorite is d2tidehunter, he is p cool. He can spit water and summon tentacle army. And enemy so afraid they jump into the air while you kill them all. But teammatees always steal kills and do nothing. Never give donkey wings or buy vision sticks. And Joffy always scream I noob, but otherwise p nice game of nice. 4/5 meatballs.
The objective of this game is to spend all your paycheck on virtual clothing for your favorite characters so you can play dress-up with them while looking better than the enemy team. Playing the game itself is completely optional.
After nearly 6000 games, which means ~ 20000 unique teammates and 25000 unique opponents, I can personally certify and guarantee that at least 80% of these people are not worthy of the air they breathe or the water they drink. This game is a testament to how the vast majority human beings possess selfishness beyond limits and stupidity beyond measure. The community of this game is evidence that we truly live with a "coddled generation" of children who were raised to believe that they are special and unique and superior to all other people and can literally do no wrong. The vast majority of people who play this game would benefit greatly from having the  beaten out of them.
This is a game where you will meet so many types of ppl Also if you play this game you'll be depressed~
Start playing since beta and it's actually free, But suddenly fell into Gaben's trap and ended up spending $1000+ on treasure and left with .  Well worth it if you ask me. :D
After nearly 6000 games, which means ~ 20000 unique teammates and 25000 unique opponents, I can personally certify and guarantee that at least 80% of these people are not worthy of the air they breathe or the water they drink. This game is a testament to how the vast majority human beings possess selfishness beyond limits and stupidity beyond measure. The community of this game is evidence that we truly live with a "coddled generation" of children who were raised to believe that they are special and unique and superior to all other people and can literally do no wrong. The vast majority of people who play this game would benefit greatly from having the  beaten out of them.
do you guys at valve know how server regions work
its fun when your teammates feeds and blames you
This game has nothing to offer anybody. There is no quality fun you cannot get more quickly and efficiently elsewhere. This is an addiction which reduces your productivity, attention span, and free-time. You are becoming more bitter, narrow-minded, haughty, and old. Quit now and delete this game. There is nothing here but slow, lonely suicide.  People do not have fun here. Players do not communicate succesfully with one another, they nitpick mistakes with witty remarks and mock each other. Nobody is interested in the truth; people are battling for fleeting moments of superiority. Players are loud jackasses who tumble into one argument after another, anxiously waiting for you to respond to ensure they keep the last word every time. A fair and balanced match is one in ten thousand, and no matter how hard you filter those matchmaking options you are still searching for diamonds in a garbage dump.  This game is not making you happy. You are not having fun. You are not gathering fun experiences to tell, learning, or growing as a person. Instead you rage every thirty minutes and are occasionally spurred to rage quitting by  russian teammates who believe they won the Cold War. You are addicted to readily available fun and pressure free social interaction. This game is slowly poisoning you with misogyny, anti-semitism, narcissism, a false dichotomy surrounding pro-gamers, and insecurity.  I'm not telling you to get good. I'm not telling you to go outside. I'm not even telling you to make friends. Just quit DOTA. Do anything else.
i cant stop
10/10 ruined my life
It's a good game, however I don't like the recent changes. And the fact that you have to learn russian to understand most of the players.
I\'ve spent 10 years and almost 10,000 hours playing Warcraft III DotA as well as Dota 2, and loved playing it. I\'ve met many interesting people, fought epic battles, snatched victory from the jaws of defeat through several Herculean efforts, endured many soul crushing defeats, and even clashed with a handful of professional players. The game has changed drastically over my many years of playing, but as of about a year ago, the game became too frustrating to continue, and as I continue to watch, I am saddened by what the game has become.  For years my friends and I have joked about the "League-ification" of Dota. Dota has always been the epitome of hyper competitive cooperative gameplay, with a high emphasis on individual skill and decision making at all phases of the game, especially in punishing poor decisions. Pushing a tower alone with nobody showing on the map? Get back or you\'re dead. Hard carry dies past 40 minutes without buyback? That\'s a barracks down. Pick crappy laning heroes? Welcome to hell while the enemy team runs a trilane and pushes barracks at 20 minutes.  Our jokes slowly but surely became a reality. Teleport scrolls were reduced in cost, meaning everybody rolled around with a handful because they weren\'t a financial burden. Ways to gain gold were increased, so supports could afford to have a handful of items in the mid game. The rubber band effect was introduced, and pushing strategies were neutered. You pick a lineup to take towers and take one unfavorable engagement and the game\'s over, whereas previously the greedier lineup would have to do more work than a single fight to overcome the gold advantage. The cost of boots was reduced, taking boots first strategies from a sure sign that you were bad to a viable strategy. Strong laners also got pushed out. Dominating the early game became effectively irrelevant as killing giant money bag heroes in the midgame would slingshot the trailing team into the lead.  The worst casualty has been the versatility of the game. Metas change and stuff goes in and out of favor, that\'s fine and fair, but certain aspects have become imperative to have. A support with a hard save, a hard carry that can fight in the early mid game. Bad laning heroes can just be sent mid, while traditional skill mid heroes are just sent to the safelane. When you take a big lead, the plan is almost always just farm out the map until you can\'t possibly lose when taking the high ground, as taking a risk will not just result in you losing a fight, but most likely the lead.  The game that I grew up with that punishes the smallest mistakes is a distant memory, and we are left with a mid game brawler. I wish Dota 2 the best as it progresses, but the core mechanics have been changed so drastically that I can neither play nor watch it without feeling like something that was once an unrelenting niche game has been formed to cater to the whims of the massive casual audience that it has attracted.
I only play it once every day for 6 years
My blood pressure before playing : 110/70 My blood pressure after playing : 200/95  The salt is real. Recommended.
Dota 2 then: "MMR is just a number"  Dota 2 now: "MMR is just a medal"
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, \'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.\'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- \'Don\'t ever smoke. Please don\'t put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 24, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me CANCER anyway.
14 EASY STEPS TO FAKE BEING A PRO PLAYER   1. Send "report support" in chat if you are playing carry.  2. Send "report other carries" in chat if you are playing carry,  3. Send "report carries" in chat if you are playing support.  4. Send "noob team has no  teamwork" in chat when you die.  5. Send "END PLEASE" to your enemies when you die.  6. Send "my hero is " in chat when you die.  7. Send "my internet was laggy" in chat when you die.  8. Send "EZ" to your enemies after you\'ve gotten a kill.  9. Send "GG" to your enemies after you\'ve gotten a kill.  10. Send "COMMEND ME" in chat after you\'ve gotten a kill.  11. Send "KILL STEAL" in chat after that teammate on the same lane as you has gotten a kill.  12. Never let go of your teammates\' mistakes.  13. Never let go of your enemies\' mistakes.    Listed above are some tips that I have found especially helpful. They are very simple to use and will undermine not only your teammates\' but also your enemies\' confidence in pointing out that you are in fact the noobiest player on the team.  But these tips might not always work. If, say, there is a person who dares to speak against you even when you are strictly following everything listed above, you will have to use this final tip that I am going to provide to you.      Problem fixed.
11/10 game (including updates) 1/10 community (including myself) Quit playing. Try to be a better person.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME IT WILL GIVE YOU A HEADACHE AND A  ADDICTION AFTER 200+ HOURS I HATE IT BUT I CAN'T STOP IT PLS DON'T DOWNLOAD BEFORE IT CONSUMES YOU ALIVE
This game ruined my life  I recommend everyone to play Dota 2 and not LoL nor HoN. Don't get me wrong, I am not hating or anything. I was from HoN for like 2-3 years before Dota 2 was released and tried LoL and actually enjoyed it for a bit but then went back to HoN.  Dota 2 is a great game, an awesome game. I really should have thought about spending money on a free game but to hell with it I say. Mechanics are well designed, what makes a hero OP is the player behind it and the team that surrounds it. This is a team game people, so team work is a must (unless you are solo queuing, then you have to carry your garbage of a team but it can be the other way around). Monster gamers are real.  Dota 2 has taught me a lot of things, you can only be good at something if you focus on it, learn from mistakes, be aware of your surroundings, trust your instinct, use common sense, trusting on your team to always have your back, believing in your capabilities, always try to be better than you were yesterday, and that..  This game bought me and my friends together for lan parties and strengthen our bonds. A mere game that brings people together, not just friends but complete strangers too. Dota 2 is a game that will never be forgotten.  All in all, I recommend this game to everyone who wants to experience pain, suffering, and torment because at the end, you will come to a sudden realization that things are always bound to get better.  P.S. Calm down, it's just a game..
Best Soviet Union Simulator out there
people who like dota 2 will like this one.
Very toxic community
I think players of this game keep sharing my mothers private number, everyone seems to have had sex with her... Oh yea and about the game...Very good.
it ok
Well if you broke up with your girlfriend and having pain, start playing this game. You will face with drunks and russians and that makes you cancer. So that cancer will make your pains end shortly.
Kann jetzt russich von vodka bis .  Aber unter der Brcke hat man einfach kein gutes Internet.
Since I was a baby, I always had a brain tumor. The doctors told my parents that I won't last 'til I'm 20 years old. A doctor told my parents that they should just give up and let me die sooner through euthanasia. But my parents didn't give up. I experienced growing up, being a normal son and a normal student in a school. Unfortunately, I am now 19 and nearing the end of my life expectancy. I have been fighting against my brain cancer for over a year. But thank god, I played this game. My cancer has been cured.
SEECT IN WHICH  YOU WANT TO LAY TOAY  US Of Russia West US OF Russia East North American Russia South American Russia North African Russia South African Russia European Russia West European Russia East Australian Russia New Zelands Russia Asian Russia Mother Russia  Suka Blet/10 DOTA 2 Developed Russians Developers Not By Valve
I\'m the most dedicated player I know. I take pubs just as seriously as if it was finals at TI. I never give up. Playing against megas? I keep playing. Down 40 kills? I keep playing. Half of your team afk in base? I keep playing. Why? Because I\'m Anti-mage. This hero is the ultimate 1v9 hero. If played correctly you literally can\'t lose with this hero. You may be thinking that if you played any hero correctly then you can\'t lose either but that\'s simply not true. Anti-mage is unique with this characteristic. I go safelane. I farm. The offlaner tries to contest but I am too good. I blink on him. I trade. I back off. We both salve up. He\'s got no mana. I\'ve won the lane, like always. I am Anti-mage. Nothing matters more than farm. I control the lane. I\'m farming so close to my tower that I\'m impossible to gank. I can not die. I will never die. 16 minutes. Battlefury, Power treads, Poor mans shield, Vladmir\'s Offering. I\'ve already won. Nothing can stop me now but myself. I am fearless. I push out lanes. I take towers. I force rotations. I am Anti-mage. Thousands of calculations going on in my head. I keep track of glyph, five individual teleport scroll cooldowns, how much each enemy is farming and when they will have specific items, relative position of both couriers etc. I can not lose now. Manta, Heart, Butterfly, Abyssal. I\'ve not finished farming. "ing AM picker, no skill" The flame only fuels me. "Wow, nice work AM you took racks" I don\'t need your praise peasant. I\'m ing Anti-mage. The rest of the my \'team\' is irrelevant. They only get in the way of my goal. The enemy ancient. Moonshard, Boots of Travel 2. I buy the wards, the gems are on me. I take the throne. I\'ve won the game. 900GPM. Pathetic, I could do better. I\'m not trying hard enough. I\'ve failed. "Match found". I pick Anti-mage. I am Anti-mage.
It's like hardcore drug use and it destroys lives. Give it a go, what's the worst that could happen?  Well, you could be here 1000 game hours later hating yourself as you queue for another all pick.  Send help. As in TP bottom because they're five manning.
I started playing this in 2007 and I managed to finally quit it in 2015. Dota was my life and I have never played any other moba game. There were days where I wake up, play dota, fall asleep and repeat. NIGHTMARE.  In summary:  If you bring 4 good friends to a party you will enjoy the game and it will be time well spent.  If you are going to play it solo queue - you will start hating the mankind and your soul will slowly decay.
Thanks to dota now i can speak peenoise
2700 play hours still suck at this game once u uninstal this game, more easier to install it again even if u try hard to not play this game, u still watch dota wtf on youtube....
goodbye, mr. freeman
WHY HAVE I DONE THIS   edit: 20/1/2018: this game sucks, if you run a Viper/Silencer dual offlane i hope u burn in hell tbh
I played this game for a little.  It was okay.
Stage 1 :Meeting: The first time was very exciting i knewed nothing about this game but it thrilled me.  Stage 2 :Chase: I wanted to know more about Dota. The Drugs kicked in.  Stage 3 :Honeymoon: This was the real love everything was going well. We had fun. We loved us.  Stage 4 :Comfortable: Russians and Chinese have there own way of thinking but you love them.  Stage 5:Tolerance: You accept the unbalanced game. 80min games everyday. What is the meaning of life ?  Stage 6:Downhill: Time to leave. Mother Nature is waiting for me. Harambe. The thing goes skrrrrra, pa pa ka ka ka .
If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.  Ingredients: 1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter 2. 1/2 cup white sugar 3. 1/2 cup brown sugar 4. 1/4 cup water 5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 6. 1 pinch salt 7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced 8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie  Directions: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). 2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside. 3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices. 4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal. 5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust. 6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing. Enjoy!
After watching some videos on YT and VODs on twitch from the game decided to give it a try.  Installed, looks fine.  Tutorial, ok good idea, I need to see what I am going into, a hundred or so heroes and a million items, pretty tough to get by, but ok.  Some games against bots, ok I can see how the mechanics work, so far so good.  After a few games with bots the game reccomends multiplayer, ok lets give it a try.  It only allows to pick the easier heroes for the first 25 games, good idea since I don\'t know what I am doing exacly.  Lets do this!  ...  I got matched agains players with like 400+ games each and 150+ reccomendations (whatever that is, it was never explained..), get owned, lose.  Ok probably got in this particular game by accident, some new player was queing with a friend that played already or something, no big deal, lets try again.  Nope, the same thing for another 5 games or something (and only ones I will play since I am uninstalling), got matched with only experienced players..  So I got called a noob a lot and to "git gut" after saying that I am a new player and this is my first game, I am sure I ruined the game for my team by sucking and the enemy got a free win from me sucking at the game.  Like seriously.. what the f**k is this matchmaking, if I were ever to "git gut" how would that go, I would ruin another 50 games for my team by being bad until finally I dont suck that bad and can contribute a little.. and then I get matched with a new player into my game and he ruins the game for me, I don\'t think so, don\'t have the nerves for this. That is why I cannot recommend this game if you are a new player stay away, you will not have a good time.   TLDR: The new player experience for this game sucks giant balls, if you are a new player you will not have fun.
In this game you can: 1- Murderer trees 2- Kill a ancient creature chilling in his cave without mercy and and steal his cheese 3- Learn at most 9 different languages in every single match 4- Kill others players for no apparent reason 5- Can develop erectile dysfunction due to extended seated hours
Pros: -Learned Russian -Learned %99 of entire world are Russians -Learned how to communicate with emoticons -Learned how to get trolled -Learned how to avoid RANKED button -Learned world is not fair -Learned C Y K A btw. Cons: -C Y K A
Decent game, world's saltiest players.
10/10 Would never play LoL ever again.
All heroes are balanced, some heroes are just more balanced than others.
I have over 4000 hours and I want to kill myself. Thanks icefrog!
Angry russian simulator
Cancer but still playing....
......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../ .............//'...'/` ........../'/.../..../......./\\ ........('(.......... ~/'...') .........\\.................'...../ ..........''...\\.......... _. ............\\..............( ..............\\.............\\...    this game
This is an amazing, dynamic game. I've met more friends on here than through any other game. But it's addictive as hell. I've found myself being lulled into a sense of comfort just by the ambient sounds. I see a jester somewhere and automatically want to play as Rubik, and I have an urge to start the game up. You will judge everyone else you play this with, you will mull over every little second of a 56 minute game, and it'll make you a horrible pathetic person.  There's no reason to play this unless you need a time sink that'll come around to having a measure of control of your life. There's single player games where you go 'one more turn' and it turns into a night's afair of staying up late. But this game you start planning a whole day around raising your MMR by 200 points. Why? Because if you managed it, it'd make you feel better. What other games does your mood revolve around whether you play well, and how many other games can you name where you'd take that 'feeling good' to the point of willingly sacrificing an entire day to it?  Unless you've got a team of people to play with, and you don't care how much you suck, or you're actually a pro-gamer with an active team looking for a transition, don't waste your time. There's plenty of other things to do with literally 100+ days of your life.
Just follow these rules to play DOTA2:  1. Make sure you have an intimidating nickname "ex: EZ RAMPAGE" 2. Pick mid carry or gay offlaner that u have GOOD/EXPENSIVE set 3. Say something scary (CapsLock :ON) "LET ME MID..TY" or "I GO SOLO BOTTOM/TOP" 4. Predict win! 5. Just lasthit like a pro (spamming "S") 6. Buy midas early and spamming "We Need Wards!" even u get rekt.. 7. When u feed just type "WTF LAG", when u got kill/ killsteal remember to laugh on all chat "HAHAHAHAHA" 8. When u lose the game just blame support and when u win the game just say "EZ GAME"  Very simple game,, (y) Rate: 99/10
Thank you for reading this. This is how I lost my faith in humanity This is how I think what\'s DotA2 in many people\'s eyes It\'s ALWAYS happening in every one or two games  Blame your support  Blame your carry  Blame your teammate if you\'re losing  Blame your enemy if your teammates are your friends  Pause then unpause automatically  Boast when you\'re winning even if you\'re feeding the entire time  EZ   I know it\'s not anyone\'s fault it\'s like this But Valve please? Can you fix the community? Give them something harsh punishment This kind of things are just like cyberbullying.. Made someone depressed I know I know it\'s just a "game" right? But you can see the effects for the people They\'re unleashing negative energy to other people so they can unleash it to other people again until this community became the most Toxic community  I mean seriously 10 years ago, DotA community just not that bad.. It\'s friendly in fact! Maybe it\'s because everyone\'s learning? And trying to learn together is fun? Teaching one and another, made a DotA\'s friendly community But now the community, almost made everyone sick of it Valve, please give them a proper & harsh punishment so they won\'t repeat their wrongdoing again & again I just saw too many wrong things, but no proper responses from Valve I know Valve just want to make money and more money But please.. Can\'t you at least give some attention to your games? I know Valve can\'t count until 3, so this will be the last game At least make it a good memory for all the players  Here\'s a very simple thing for example, HAVE YOU EVER HEARD "Thank you" truly from their heart? "Thank you for supporting us" "Thank you for carrying us" "Thank you for hanging in there" "Thank you for handling the mid nicely" "Thank you for buying us wards & courier" "Thank you for teaching me where I did wrong" Or something like that It\'s ok everyone\'s fail at one time Not everyone\'s perfect "You\'re doing a good job!" Have you ever done that? Have you ever heard that? No? Well that\'s Dota 2 community for you  Did you imagine how Dota 2 is now if all of people that playing Dota 2 have done that? At least more enjoyable to play.. right? Well reality is cruel  If you want to start play this game I don\'t recommend it playing with people I don\'t even recommend to play this game with your friends.. It\'s bad enough that it\'ll make you lost your friends... (or is it a good thing because you\'ll know they\'re fake friends or not?) Most of them are bad people, don\'t have manner or even humanity You can play it with bots though, they\'re more encouraging & friendlier to newbie players  Please for your sake Stay away from this game Especially from the community  One of many proofs      Game is good, but the community is the big problem
I dont recomend playing this game if you dont know russian language.
I suck at this game yes
First and foremost, I would like to thank Steam for giving me a way to call out all raging idiots blaming others. Steam <3 Thank you for all your support! Check out my Dota 2 Stats, Im ing awesome. Following my simple guide, you will be on your way to dealing with baddies and becoming awesome, like me.  One of the worst communities ever, its not even the fact that they are obnoxious, annoying or racist. Its the fact that they so willingly blame others, they fail to improve their own gameplay after hours and hours of experience. The people who talk the most are quite literally the worst players.  Pro Tip: Mute them and tell them you muted them so they begin type less and focus on playing. The idiots spouting the worse non-sense are utter garbage and there are too many.  How to spot a raging idiot, preparing themselves for full emotional breakdown.  "BUY WARDS" - Idiot who feeds mid. Dies again with two wards...  "SHOULD HAVE CALLED MISSING WTF" - Jackass who dove towers and lost a 1v1  "Insert Racist Comments" - Raging Idiot Bat Signal  "1 v 1 me mid" - This guys inferiority complex is meme levels  "SaD yOu dIdNt LEaRn aNytHing fRoM pLaYing" - Actual idiot, implying you learn from games? wtf lol dude? This is why drugs are for losers.  Pro Tip #2: A particularly good way to deal with ragers is when they inevitably feed, just type "lol" it sparks tremendous reactions between these fumbling jackasses. Sometimes it is better to humble them so they dont make themselves look dumb as hell the next time they decide to say stupid things.  Sometimes its better to let them ride it out because they simply cannot help themselves. I found out from my friends they will frequently move onto another subject matter when they realize senpai is not noticing them :(  Pro Tip #3: Have fun, dont let these raging morons ruin the game for you like they did me. If you follow Pro Tips 1 & 2, the reactions to the ragers is priceless, it demolishes their spirit and will think twice about their redherring tactics and actually l2p and git gud.  Extra: Had one guy messaging me for several weeks and creating different accounts in order to throw racial slurs. He checked my profile, saw I had a Spanish flag, you can pretty much guess his favorite word.
About that beer I owed ya
Will destroy your life 11/10
This is a very good game! All players are very friendly with me and also with my mom (I often get asked about what she does and how she is). In this game you will find people all over the world (95% Russia and 5% the rest). People always wait to pick until they can decide a good synergy with their team and then they say one of the following quotes: "fu.ck you bit.ch I\'m going mid! I fuc.ked your mother last night"/ "I will pick carry even if you did it first FU CANCER OMFG SON OF BIT.CH PIECE OF SH.IT!"/ "CANCER TO YOUR FAMILY SUKA I GO MID"/ "I PLAY WHAT I WANT I GIVE YOU DIC.K STFU OMFG NOOB REPORT THIS TRASH" etc. This game aim for communication and team play so every player go YOLO, die alone and then ask for team and tell on all chat about how stupid they and how he played like a god (in almost all the situations the score of this person is 0-10+). Almost forgot: very important! Even if you lose or win type "gg wp ez". If you lose remember to always say that your team was full of noobs and you could win but not with such bad fu.cktards on your side. Ohhh, also say that enemy team have only noobs in ther composition. This game will teach you how much important is to listen to others and how to play as one. Then you get pretty much screwed cause those are just in theory and in practice all go yolo and fu.ck each other at the most brutal virtual level. Glory to mother Russia! May Putin guide your way!
It's a very complex game. That's not a bad thing. The bad thing is when you play, if you die once or make one mistake, people start criticizing you as if you're in a real battle and their life depends on it. Here's a good example: There are 3 lanes, with 5 members on each team. Sometimes you are the only one on your team guarding a certain lane. 3 or 4 people on the other team jump out of nowhere and instantly kill you (even when you are playing it safe and right, it just happens). This happens a few times. Your teammates are nowhere to be found. But they are quick to start telling everyone to report you and how bad you suck. So if you decide to back off to where you are letting the other team destroy your towers, because the other team is good at coordinating ninja gang ambushes, then they get mad and say to report you. So now you have a weak character from the other team leveling up and you dying a few times, and realize the other team will destroy me if I go near any of them. So I'll just not do anything and stay away from the action so I don't feed the other team and so I don't have my teammates belittle me. Then guess what happens. Report him (me). Why should I want to play a game where everyone tells me I'm no good and wants to report me? They just talk all of this crap, and 50% of the time they are losing and dying just as bad as you. And your teammates can see all of your items, so if you buy something they don't want you to buy, or don't buy something they tell you to, they go on a never ending nag fest until you do. So they control the coins I earned...right. I'm not 16 anymore, I can't sit down and play this game for 12 hours a day, 8 days a week. So I won't know every single move for the 100+ characters, or have the same knowledge as those people that do all the time. I do not enjoy it one bit. I uninstalled this game before for this reason. Didn't play it for half a year. Now I just played it for 1 night and I'm sick of it again. Try Paragon. It's a cross-platform 3rd person 5v5 MOBA. Much better experience. You can find a match in less than a minute. Highly recommend that game. If you want 4 strangers to give you a hard time for 30-60 minutes at a time, tell you to kill yourself, and play this non-stop tattle tale whine fest, then download this game.
A game that truly grasps the idea of helping those in dire need to escape their reality. After allowing peru to play on our servers, and bought accounts in 4-6k. This game has truly made a better place to find friends of South America, and help people fully understand the hardships and struggles these people go through by having feeding South Americans only play Pos 1-2 or jungle. It opened up a world of hard working, can collecting children to gather change and be fortunate enough to play at their internet cafe\'s and flood US West/East. God Bless them.  Very thankful for the open-mindedness of Valve and their appreciation of "Peru Lives Matter."  <3
For toxic people by toxic people.  I remember when I was dying to download the game in the queue when it came out. Now I just feel bad thinking about all the time and money I spent playing this game. feelsbadman
horrible experience and teammates yet I keep getting back into the game once in a week  +taught me many languages +always mid or feed +always shout at your teammates if they aren't doing a good job.
this game changed my life, i don't know if it's for the positive or negative yet
The game teaches you how to destroy your life in less than a week.
This game ruined my life. Cannot recommend highly enough.
dont play this game
This game will absorb your soul. Stay away
The community is more toxic than a nuclear waste.
I speak Fillipino fluently after 2 weeks of playing it. 20/10.
This game makes me want to kill myself
CAN WE PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT PEOPLE THAT THROW GAMES? LIKE MAYBE BAN THEM FROM RANKED FOR 3 DAYS THEN MAYBE 7 DAYS THEN MAYBE 2 WEEKS THEN MAYBE A MONTH THEN MAYBE A YEAR THEN MAYBE 5 YEARS THEN MAYBE FOR LIFE. thanks icefrog bae  Another thought maybe give extra MMR FOR SUPPORT PLAYERS SO PEOPLE ACTUALLY TRY.  New patch same  system. I actually get reported by the people running down middle feeding at minute one. Good job valve uninstalling. I actually dont have enough ing reports to use on people throwing in my games, good system would recommend to others.
I have played Dota 2 for a little over three years now, so I think I am finally ready to give it an in depth review. I gave this game a review back in 2013, but I am going to change that. First of all, I\'m going to start by listing off what I like about the game.  ::THE PROS::  1) Dota 2 is, obviously, a team game. Playing this game with friends is a really fun experience and can act as a source of really fantastic memories. My point is, if you play this game with a group of four other friends, Dota 2 is probably one of the best options out there.  2) Dota 2 has a fantastic tutorial system and the game is very well designed to accomodate new players. A new player can go from a full AI game to an AI game with 4 other random people to playing a 5v5 online; the transition is really smooth.  3) I have played both League and Dota, and I can honestly say that I think that Dota 2 is much more visually pleasing to look at. A smooth, clean UI makes the game easier on the eyes compared to League\'s cartoon-y design (which suits some, but not me).  4) Dota has an extremely vast pool of heroes that can be played to suit almost anyone\'s playstyle. After you play Dota for awhile, you can pick out the heroes that really fit your playstyle and excel at them through ranked matchmaking. It\'s damn near impossible to be bad at literally every hero. The large hero pool (100+) allows for THOUSANDS of different lineup possibilities, meaning every game has the chance to be completely new and different than anything you\'ve played before.  5) Honestly, Dota 2 is one of the most addicting games I have ever played. No; it is THE most addicting game I have ever played. As a full-time student, I still have managed to rack up 2,500 hours in this game in my free-time. Especially back when I was a new player, I played this game all the time.  However. I am actually changing my review of this game from positive to negative. Let me tell you why.  ::THE CONS::  1) Here\'s my biggest flaw with the game. I absolutely hate -- I MEAN HATE -- Valve\'s regional matchmaking. Before finding a match, the player is supposed to change server preferences to the closest server(s) to the members of the party, and they are supposed to choose the appropriate language preference. For example, as an American player, it is expected that you choose U.S. West and U.S. East as your servers, with English as your language preference. And, generally, Americans follow this rule. HOWEVER. In almost every game I play now, I get a Peruvian or Brazilian or someone from South East Asia in my games. Hopefully it makes sense to the readers of this review that you should not be finding a match in the United States if you live in Asia. You lag, and become actually useless in the game. The South Americans, though, spam in their native languages and constantly flame. Am I generalizing? Honestly, no. I\'m really not. If you are good at Dota 2, you would and should queue for games for which you are prepared to play at your best. Valve has no form of region lock on matchmaking (they really can\'t, due to international professional teams), and while it\'s really not Valve\'s fault, I just wish there was some way to reliably play with four people from your country and/or language. This is seriously Dota 2\'s biggest flaw, because so much of every game revolves around the synergy and cooperation among teammates. This is literally impossible when someone spends the entire game flaming you in a different language. I\'m honestly not trying to be discriminatory in any way; this is just how Dota is in reality and is likely never to change. I have become so fed up with this poor form of matchmaking that I have actually, finally, uninstalled the game.  2) Dota has actually no reliable way to punish feeders. Sure, you and your team can use the report system (you only have a limited number of reports by the way, so after you expend them on flamers or feeders you are out of luck and have to enlist the other team and your teammates to waste their reports on the other feeders and flamers). The feeder may get put in low priority, but it honestly teaches them nothing. We have all been in low prio at one point or another, and we come out unchanged. Valve needs to implement a way to correct this. I\'m not alone in my view on this either. Even professional player Secret.Puppey voiced his opinion the other day, which is very similar to mine. Punishments need to become more severe.  3) The Dota 2 community is actually cancerous. If you are not playing in a 5-stack of friends, I can almost promise you that you will very rarely, if ever, get on a team where all 5 teammates are willing to cooperate and play as a coordinated team. Almost every single game, someone on your team will flame someone else for sucking really bad, mostly because they probably did. But people speak so hatefully towards one another that it really feels like an unwelcoming scene. One of the professional Dota casters (joinDota\'s "Capitalist") tweeted the other day that he loses so much respect for pro players in pubs because they spend so much time flaming and tilting. This is actually about 90% of the Dota community, actually, not just the professionals. Everyone has this weird god complex where they are convinced they are better than everyone on the server, even if they got no kills and fed unimaginably badly.  4) This kind of ties in with the points I have made previously. It is almost impossible to single-handedly win a game if your team is playing very poorly. Thus, the entire game comes down to teamwork; and most Dota players are unreliable teammates who will either feed or flame (90%, roughly, like I said). The 10% of people who don\'t flame are the people who are actually in professional teams (and while they flame in pubs, they synergize well in their professional settings (unless you are kuro and rtz)).  5) Dota is really bad for your health unless you have a godly amount of self control. If you win a game, you can end happy. But if you lose a game, you keep playing and keep losing and it becomes very depressing and frustrating. The garbage community gets in your head, and it\'s just bad.  Look, honestly, I fully expect to continue to follow the professional Dota scene. Dota really is one of the best games out there and it\'s especially fun to watch the pros play. But, if you are looking for a MOBA that you can regularly enjoy, then you are better off playing StarCraft II, which is where I am headed now. Don\'t get me wrong, though; Dota 2 is still much better than League of Legends and I would never suggest League of Legends to anyone unless they are really, really struggling with Dota 2. I won\'t be returning to Dota until Valve makes some much needed changes to the game, or at least until I have had a long, much-needed break from the seriously draining community that Dota offers.  TL;DR: It\'s a good MOBA, better than LoL, but too many community & matchmaking issues to make this worth a positive. Gave me a great 3 years of entertainment though. Play SCII.  Rating: 7/10 Good game, for awhile. But community is horrible.
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediatelly. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don\'t ever smoke. Please don\'t put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarete. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
To those who hasn\'t played dota and willing to start playing: 1. You\'ll always be wrong. 2. You\'ll always be blamed. 3. You\'ll be always noted as a \'stealer\' after killing. 4. You\'ll get reported for no reason. 5. You\'ll be thought naturaly how to insult in; Russian, Tagalog, and other languages you have never heard before. 6. Roles that are actualy exist: All Carry. 7. You\'ll be forced to hate others without knowing the reason. 8. Best way to improve your good-sport behave is by stop playing any games. 9. You\'ll regard this game slightly higher than your school. 10. On stage 4000 MMR, the objective would be "Buy A Microphone". 11. You\'ll get higher scores in English subject. 12. Your ego will be boasted. 13. Mental illness. Prove? check all reviews of Dota. Negative writings for a thumbs up. 14. In the end, you\'ll find yourself regretting pn why have you decided to play this game.
Best MOBA game (.) PERIOD Lol better than lol ... lol.  10/10 Still can't find my friends...
Once you start playing, you will realized that this game gives you cancer and why people still play it.
"You learn how to learn, how to lose and most importantly you learn about you."  Alright.... so here is my dota 2 review after playing almost 6000 hours over the span of 3 years.  1. general thoughts and how i started: I was 15 when a friend recommended dota 2 to me. Back then i wouldnt ever have imagined how much time this game would take from me. At some point i was playing 12+ hours a day for weeks. Now im approaching my 19th birthday and im kind of conflicted on what kind of impact this game had on my life. I learned a lot about myself and generally speaking matured a lot regarding interacting with other humans. Dota isnt just a game, Dota is something else, something i have never experienced even when i was addicted to a mmorpg when i was 9-13. You learn how to learn, how to improve, how to win and how to lose. The most important thing dota teached me was how emotions impact your performance, and that saying "nothing" is sometimes the best thing to do. In real life no one really teaches you stuff like that since people are kind of used to dealing with emotional s.  2. Did i waste my youth?: So this sounds a bit depressing but this is a thought that i had sometimes. but realisticially speaking, knowing myself, im really unsure of how much my life wouldve been different if i never started dota. I asume i wouldve been a bit further regarding social contacts but career/school-wise i highly doubt that it wouldve made a big difference. You gotta be realistic when thinking about stuff like this. Im not a very social guy. I dont like to put work into stuff i dont care about. The thoughts "lets learn music" or "lets study" wouldnt have EVER crossed my mind when i was 15. Im pretty sure if i wouldnt have started with dota i wouldve just been gooning around the city and abuse drugs, since thats a lot of fun to me. Back then i actually never even thought about working on something to improve, that whole dimension of "improving" wasnt even there for me. I just went to school got home and did fun stuff sometimes. Thats it. No goals. No aspiration, nothing. Dota changed that.  3. time invested into dota2: EVERY dota player that has spent more than 1000 hours into this game has had that thought of "oh man i shouldve learned something with this time.... i couldve been amazing now.." at some point. But everyone is disregarding the fact that grinding dota is something VERY EASY and comfortable to do, unlike studying or learning an instrument. Just think about what kind of game dota 2 is that spending 1000s of hours is something you do with pleasure. It\'s kind of insane thinking about it. Once i started studying more for school again i realized how much ing time 100 hours is. I garantue you that you will be a top student if youd put 20 hours a week into studying outside of school. But the big difference is that dota is just so much more fun and REWARDING.  REWARDING: dota 2 is IGN REWARDING. you learn a new hero -> BAMM MMR. you start understanding how to farm -> M . M . R  YOUR RANK GOES IGN UP. IT FEELS AMAZING. at school you get an A and you smile for about 10 minutes and then youre back to being miserable. theres no punishment for being mediocre. At least thats how i feel right now and im graduating this year(grades are OK(kinda good, not great)).  ReasoN I WROTE THIS: im downloading dota right now because my laptop is REALLY ed up adn deletes files something, so i needed something to do    CONCLUSION: AMAZING GAME, EATS ALL YOUR TIME, YOU WILL HAVE FUN(if you are competetive)
Source 2 will fix the game they said, but what they dont know is that you cant fix what was already perfect.  #Neverforgetsource1
This game is like injecting a rusty needle of heroin directly into your eyeballs it hurts so bad but you just cant stop
Ruined my life once. Never go back to this sh*t.
First there was DotA, The WC III Version. Then LoL was released few years later with a bit better graphics.  People said LoL is the best moba now and it erased the WC III version of DotA. Then DotA2 was released, and defeated LoL, But LoL and DotA 2 are still fighting to prove who's the best.  Yet still nobody plays HoN.
Sometimes your own life becomes boring or some difficulties make your life unbearable. In these times, in order to move away from my life, i play some games especially this game. it takes my 40-60 mins. ( fairly convenient time). When i start this game it feels like i'm diving into some other universe. I figure out that i control some other things out of my organs. Then i feel this game in last points of my veins. After end of the game, i feel happy and relax no matter win or lose.  I think i am addicted to this game.
Wish i knew how to refund my life
help
Dota 2 is one of the most spectacular MOBA games ever. It went through a lot of changes and updates. When I start playing Defence of the Ancient it wasn't that much donation and sets. But what we see now? The amount of sets is too damn high, the creators just makin' money, you can't even define the character by some of it's stuff. Also, sin not to mention the community. It is smth terrible and disgusting, I played only 50 games out of 1100 without trash talking about me and my relatives. Just think about it, is it normal? Dota 2 literally is like narcotic, you should pass a long way to stop playing it. I wasted 1,118.4 hours in the shuffle. It is the biggest regret in my life 'till now. Take thought, does this stupid game worth your own time, money and nerves? I don't think so and that's why I don't recommend this game to any of YOU!
Reccomended for all sadomasochists
Who is playing this in 2020?       I won't be able to get Divine even if I was in infinite Tsukuyomi...
Dota is less of a game, more of a tool of self discovery. In fact, thinking of dota as a game at all is a mistake; games are designed to be enjoyable and fun. Enjoying yourself and having fun is the the lowest priority for those who play dota, (especially for those in low priority.) they prefer instead to stubbornly not enjoy themselves while simultaneously making sure nobody else is having any fun either.  Every facet of the game has been finely tuned to reflect the players personality to the point that each decision they make in game is synonymous with how russian they are they conduct themselves in their day to day lives, what kind of attributes they hold in high esteem and strive to emulate in pursuit of bettering themselves becoming the transcendent doto master they know they're destined to be.  Although it seems at first to be a team game of 5v5, this is a very shallow perspective which will correct itself after around fifteen minutes of your first game. Same goes for the goal of destroying the other teams towers, barracks and ancient. These objectives are simply filler while you forcibly and decisively assert your rightful dominance over your team via your mic or hastily written yet crushingly witty remarks in the chat. (don't worry about the other team, they're fighting amongst themselves and don't matter anyway  remember: you're better than your team-mates and it's inconceivable that there's any possibility you did or will ever do anything wrong, regardless of what may be transpiring before your very eyes.)  The interface and mini-map should be largely ignored in favour of committing your attention wholly to the chat box, here you can see the current state of the game clearer than anywhere else, it may take a while to understand some of the games many colloquialisms such as ' ' and 'no courier gg my team are  ff', but don't worry if you can't understand, it's not so much about comprehension as asserting your right to say things that don't need to be said and are generally trivial and unhelpful.  If you find yourself doing poorly and being shouted at by your team for feeding, don't fret. They are likely jealous of your superior skills and can't understand that are actually the ones letting down. Just remind yourself of that one game you had that went freakishly well and make fun of someones build.  10/10 worst game ever.
I've played Dota 1, SMITE, League of Legends and Dota 2, but Dota 2 community is by far the worse I've seen. Ended up crying on the inside everytime :(
i have become one with the feeding
I have been playing DOTA for a long time now and have been following the pro scene watching tournaments left and right whenever they are broadcasted, know the teams/players to the point I understand every meme there is about them and absolutely love that part of this game. But this review is going to talk about my personal negative experience as a player whose played the matchmaking and the community that you will experience and to warn new players of what they may experience themselves if they decide to try this game.  So after pouring a huge chunk of my life into this game, I have decided to finally quit and move on with my life.  I have neglected real life responsiblities because of this game (spending time with my wife and kid). I have also wasted time on this game that I could have spent playing many, many other games that are in my steam library that have basically rotted for the past 4 years.  Almost every match I have played left me with some sort of rage inside or anger that I couldn't let go of until I started another match and sometimes that match that follows would continue until I have a winning match. To be honest though the rage and anger definintely outweighs the happiness and slight adrenaline rush from winning a match.  I would not recommend this game to someone new who is wanting to start into MOBAS or even looking to start a new game. It has sucked many hours from my life that I farily regret spending, as well as money that I spent on cosmetic/skins. This money and time could have been spent on family matters or bills, something that is 100% more important than a game. Although money isn't neccesarry to play the game to the fullest, it is just something that will taunt you when playing; seeing the shiny skins for heroes on your homepage and sales for items can be alitte tempting at times.  Something else that you see people mentioning in reviews is that the community is absolutely toxic, which is entirely true. Almost every match you will run into rage filled people that will say anything and everything to make you feel terrible about your self which in turn makes you play worse, even if you aren't neccesarily playing that bad.  I will say though the games mechanics and design is very well done and is very enjoyable for the most part, just everything else mentioned in my review kind of outweighs it.  I want to say goodbye to DOTA 2 once and for all. Finally I can continue on with my life as a normal person.
Dota 2 is like your wife. You'll always cherish the good times and love her no matter what, but sometimes you guys argue and she just gets under your skin and makes you super frustrated. It'll be fine by tomorrow as always.Love ya, babe.
who's the guy with the axe?
By playing DotA 2 you are signing a contract. The contract states that you will forfeit your life and nationality, becoming a soulless russian who plays this game non-stop.
Hours of fun, all you have to do is select in which Russia you want to play today!
A very beginner friendly, user-friendly videogame with deep, insightful characters that have amazing character development, which will lead you to tears in some cases. Like the poor blind guy who finally achieved greatness because his mom said he could ;_;7 It also has a very friendly community that is very helpful to beginners. I recommend this game to any and all casual gamers, especially fans of light, friendly games and their community, like Club Penguin and 4 ch. an. Also, characters in this game are very easy to learn and their abilities are easy to utilize, allowing easy collaboration with teammates and friends, for example: Meepo the Geomancer is a great character for those new to the game, and I recommend all new players choose him. There's minor drawbacks in useful content though, like certain things are outright useless (like Couriers and Support characters) and they should be removed from the game to make it perfect and this is coming from a long term investor of this game who has dedicated many hours (1337, to be exact) to this extremely fun indie game.  All in all, if you've never played a videogame in your life or have never spent time on the internet, Dota 2 is right for you!
According to the U.S. Foreign Service Institute, it takes approximately 1,300 hours to acquire advanced proficiency in Japanese language. It would take approximately 3,060 hours of studying to finish university and receive a major. According to The National Jurist, it takes about 400 to 600 hours to prepare for the bar exam (passing which makes you a lawyer). It requires near 52 hours to read Leo Tolstoy\'s "War and Peace" and "Anna Karenina" both. The Department of Health and Human Services of the USA recommends an average adult to do roughly 125 hours of sports a year to stay healthy... ***  You get the point. Don\'t even frakking think of playing this.
i had a life before i played dota, it ruined my college life after i played dota, i lost my girlfriend bcoz of dota, i gained weight bcoz of dota, i lost my job bcoz of dota, now i am selling my stuff on market bcoz i know i play dota, i want to leave dota but i cant escape playing dota, 9000 hours on my account and i still want to play dota, my beard is big as hell bcoz i play dota, i want to quit,but i cant quit dota, its all true, bcoz it ruined my life bcoz i play dota,   Its 25/08/2015 and i still want to play dota, But i have to stop it now but i still i want to play dota, I have health problems bcoz of dota,but still i want to play dota, This is not life but still i want to play dota, I can't have sex bcoz i am fat but still i want to play dota, I tried to be Hindi Caster for India and it Lusts me to play dota, But its High Time and I Have to Quit Dota, I am Finally Deleting this game without backup but my heart still wants dota!! Last But Not Least SO IF U WANT A LIFE,JUST STOP PLAYING DOTA!!
Better than League Of Legends  because it has Sniper and Techies ^  11/10 would mining again
I could've become fluent in another language.
The only game where one win equals to two losses.  I rate 120/100
Made my family think i got some kind of mental illness.... 10/10
After $200+ dollars, 1700 hours, some boyfriends, and some keyboards I'll tell you something. Run, run and don't install this.  10/10 would give my soul again.
If u want to learn Russian, play Dota2.
goodbye doto tnx 7.00 u saved my social life
I do not like this game at all. It's a terrible game. Please stop playing this game. Please send help.
This game remembered my birthday when everyone else forgot.
Que simulator 2014 is a gr8/10 game. I was able to get a combo of over 12 minutes the other day. Would totally recommend for all hardcore gamers.
Patches 7.00+ gave me cancer
Worst coop game ever. You play support? Your carries feed. You play carry? You don't have any support. You play ganker/initiatior? Your whole team ignores you. Wanna get your blood boiling? This is the game for you. And the MMR sucks.
Honest opinion? well... [Don\'t expect propper language m8, n don\'t get triggered easily]  DOTA 2 Contains : RETARDNESS, CANCER, TOXICITY, PAIN, SORROW, AGONY, MOTIVATION, HAPPYNESS, JOY-BRINGER, MOODBOOSTER at the same time  its toxic af, but yah its multiplayer battleground so what did you expect?? even roblox server can be more cancer aswell. bring some friends on earlier game playtime or just having fun may be great  ATTENTION : "ONCE U CAME IN, U NEVER EVER CAME OUT" (dunno maybe its my personal experience but whenever u go, bought other game and play it, time by time, doto is calling me out, she\'s crawling into my soul, my brain and spoke "LOVE MEE!!!"  PROOOS :  + isn`t pay to win, but the skin also tempting and ma lord gabe is de best thief off all time + Pretty decent graphic, somehow the atmosphere is soothing + Amazing dev [sooo spry bout bug n errors in game mechanic] + Marvelous community [beside the toxic one] + Never ending possibility [There\'s always sometin\' new in dota, when u feel bored, smh dev will put sometin different] + Excellently fun to play with a bunch of friends "strength in numbers" apply [To mocking ppl or roasting somebody XD] + Many great and inspirational stories from the pro player or wannabes + Getting better day by day [with patch and other fix] + Boredom reliever [A lotta things u can do in dota, watch pro player replays, stream match, different game modes in arcade section, even only to idling in lobby] + Smh can improve ur ability to work together, to communicate, to be a decent human being + Expose the diversity of human nature + Train u to not giving up, coz cumback is real m8!!! + better than + ..... add it by yourself, try it.  COOONS :  (?) dank it man, idk what to say anymore, every fokin time dis game make me angry, sad, depress, but it also fill my life up, dis game is blessed and cursed.  - Tooooxic of course :) [if u were new on this scene, especially moba game, bring some friend if u can\'t bear the burden of life] - There\'s no such things like "peeenoise" or "indog" or anything like dat, there\'s only bad people - Fokin smurf,  - Still smell a bit of racism - doto is cancer center XD [Sooo many butthurt ppl, salt, edgyness, n many moar] - ..... add it by yourself, try it.  () i can\'t describe more bout it bcause, whenever i hate dis game, i will always comeback hangin with it  OOOVERALLL :  * PLAY IT FFS !!!!!!!! * as big smoke said "Same things make us laugh, make us cry."  4/20 would praise lord gabe for skins - IGN
My Grandfather smoked hes whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him . \'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.\'. Tears welled up in hes eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me . My mother said to me -\'Don`t ever smoke. Please don`t put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."I agreed. At 20, I started smokin , because this game already gave me cancer anyway. Totaly recommend for smokers
This is one of the best games I've ever played, and I've never felt more empty sinking hours into it. The reward for a thoughtful draft, perfect game play, team work, and victories is an incredible feeling...but the amount of  you have to put up with to get there is so insanely disgusting it's not worth it anymore.  The DOTA2 community is as much a community as a pile of flesh eating bacteria. Occasionally you meet someone nice who wants to win DOTA, but nearly every game there are raging piles of useless human flesh whose only sole purpose in life is to make you as miserable as possible, and their conduit of choice? DOTA2.  I put more hours than I could imagine into this game in hopes it could only get better, sometimes I would go an entire week really enjoying the game. I was repaid with months full of seething frustration.  TLDR; Game is awesome, people you have to play with are not. GLHF somewhere else.
You ever wanted to instantly become racist? Cuz I didn't but its a bit late now. An uncontrollable rage towards minorities / 10
Worst community ever, consisting inadequate animals and kids.
You either quit while you are the feeder or play long enough to see yourself become toxic.
RUINS YO LIFE SIMULATOR
If Dota 2 was my job, I'd have worked for almost 2 years, playing 8 hours every workday, before quitting.  And it took me that long to realise that it actually sucks.
Designed to make you hate life and everyone else. This game and others like it are a psychological hell and you'd do your health and your ambitions a favour if you uninstalled this as quickly as possible. You're better off playing with your testicles.
At this point in time, I\'ve wasted round 3-5 years of my life playing this game.  It\'s a small amount compared to the hours that my peers and teammates have amassed, even I, who had started when beta was released to the general public. A good chunk of the gaming population has played it at least once, or have heard of it, or am still playing even as type this review out.  Anywho, let\'s talk about Dota.  Dota 2 is not a game; it\'s a major time sink. You spend the first 100-200 games improving your gameplay to be even called "below average", whilst losing horribly in every single one. You will weep. Burst in an outrage. Asking yourself why did you ever choose to play this game in the first place.  Every single game roughly consists of 40-50 mins that you give all your efforts to be returned with a fleeting feeling of joy. Bliss. Or the soul crushing depression of losing the past 10 games during the weekend - the times you turned down your friends at a night out to play this game.  It\'s not because Dota is hard. No, no. It\'s not the mechanics that you have fine-tuned yourself in being able to do over and over a 100 times without messing up.  In my words, it could very well be as easy as playing Hello Kitty Island Adventure or as ball crushing hard as playing Dark Souls with no proper equipment - simply because the game boils down to one thing:  Teamwork. Synergy between people, how they cooperate, willingly or not. More often at times you\'re going to have the most disillusioned people with a lexicon of a drunk jaded middle-aged man who\'s going through a mid life crisis rather than the quiet, reserved player who tries his/her best in assisting your efforts in a win.  It can be argued that the game can be won single-handedly by a skilled player, but it\'s a pipe dream to seek that out, for most of the general population - but it does not deter them from doing so, which leads to yet another problem/frustration within the game.  People seek glory within it; they yearn the temporary recognition it brings, and those players put their teammates beneath them, which ultimately loses them the game.  In short there are a lot of different reasons and expectations of the game, which may cause conflicts ultimately losing you the game. Save yourself the trouble and do something else.  Edit - For those of you who cant math for some reason, 4k hours over 4 years is roughly 3 games a day assuming its a game is an hour on average.
A very confusing game, that strives to continue where Heroes of Legends left off, but resorts a bit too often to slavic jump-scares to create an immersive Slenderman-like experience. Current main issues:  Pros: - A friendly and positive community - Possibility to make friends and discuss delicate topics with new people from various ethnic backgrounds, chat comes with emoticons and other essential stuff - Strong focus for learning new languages - Full of fun mini-games if the main game is not compelling, like the Shopkeeper's quiz, buying stuff from the Valve shop, in-game advertisement clicking, guess-games for DOTA 2 network offline times etc  Cons: - I picked the Sniper class but had trouble aiming in the first person mode, needs to be fixed asap - Playing the game with Oculus Rift resulted in nausea - Low replayability, after their first game everone I know has practically reached their skill cap - Basic things like in-game quicksave and quickload functionality is missing - Raid bosses like Roshan and Troll Warlord are hard to understand and severely imbalanced - Steam achievements were teased but are still not working, I already ate my 500th tree but didn't get the achievement - The crafting system is confusing and unintuitive - Want to create a drum? Well, you need a robe and a bracer, of course! Want to create a buckler? Yep, you guessed it, you need a chainmail shirt armor and a branch! - Hitboxes are off and often clipping; for example, I bought a bigger sword for the Sven class, but game doesn't register hits that clearly happen against smaller models like the Phantom Assassin - NPCs like the mud golem and the shopkeeper only have few lazy dialogue lines, I was more interested in hearing their immersive part of the story while constructing a hut in a nearby forest out of treebranches - RTS system for building or repairing base components are limited to only a few heroes and could use a revamp - Character wipes happen a bit too often in the servers I've been at  Without going into too many spoilers, finishing the campaign left me with more questions than satisfying answers. For example, why was the evil Dragon Knight so eager to hurt the seemingly innocent creeps for monetary gain? Why did the mysterious Drow Ranger attack our valiant hero? Why does Axe look like a tomato? So many questions, yet so few answers.  Overall, the game is OK for an early access FPS-RPG hybrid but doesn't entertain the more hardcore gamers for very long. For a small-time indie developer team I guess it's acceptable, but I'd wait for more available DLC expansions before paying anything for the main game.
- Start a game - 4 of my team mates abandon - 2 of my enemies abandon - on of them says "You know, we will win." - me... challenge accepted - buy 3 rapiers - get 2 rampages - win  10/10 would 1v3 again
Game was great. 7.00 ruined it.
If Dota 2 was my job, I'd have worked for almost 2 years, playing 8 hours every workday, before quitting.  And it took me that long to realise that it actually sucks.
Learn any language spoken in South America in less than a month, guaranteed!  21/10 Better than Rosetta Stone
Fastest way to learn russian,  10/10
Dota 2 = Russians Dota 2 = Rage/Salty Dota 2 = An intense feeling of murder for teammates Dota 2 = Life wasted but still plays it anyway Dota 2 = Riki = rage Dota 2 = 10/10 would waste my life again
Heroes are Free 10/10
played it a bit. learnt colorful words from several languages. 11/10 would trashtalk again
If u want to waste ur lifetime and benefit form a totally toxic community, then this is the right game for you.
Imagine pouring hot wax all over your chest while having two asian transvestites from Puerto Rico wearing tracksuits massaging your back with mayonnaise, and include Bochka, Bass and Kolbaser banging your eardrums and you'll get DotA 2.
Never ever even consider downloading this bs of a game. I've wasted like 0.5k hrs like only getting an understanding of what is happening and what consecutive inputs should i perform not to be yelled at. And after some time, when i've figured out what to do, i still get yelled at, cuz my teammates are in almost every game either toxic pieces of , or just  with single digit iq. Every game you try your best, you do a lot better then your teammates do, but these boys just decide to stay afk cuz why tf not. Just believe me and never install this thing. This game is pure evil, genuine source of frustration, which gave terrible headache to anyone who'd ever tried Dota. If you like to lose your , like to scream at the screen and argue with ppl you'll never ever see in your life - it's your choice. 11/10
I played for a bit.  It's fun.
I learned to hate people I've never met.
Hard to get into, and elves and fire rock men and magic axes aren't my thing. But there's something about it I can't stop playing.
You can eat a tree to gain health.  It's basically the best thing ever. 10/10
The Only MOBA that Matters
Old friends have been silenced, or fallen by the wayside. I no longer know or recognize most members of the research team, though I believe the spirit of rebellion still persists. I expect you know better than I the appropriate course of action, and I leave you to it. Except no further correspondence from me regarding these matters; this is my final epistle.
I wanna be a pro-player  so ing bad  Buy all of the games I never had  I wanna be on the cover of  Dota Magazine  Smiling next to Sing and Kuroky    But everytime I close my eyes  I see Bloodseeker in his tights,  uhuu yeheehe  A different hero every night, alright,  I swear, there goes my MMR  When I'll be a pro-player...
Dota 2  Passive: Lifesteal -- Steals 100% of your whole life. Active: Hyperactivity -- Become hyperactive for the rest of the game due to increased anger, rage, wrath, hatred, indignation, ire and hate. Affects the next match. ~ You cannot die from the health loss. Bonuses: +7 HP degeneration +9 Damage, to self +5 Armor Resistance from physical abuse +15 Attack speed Become a keyboard warrior. +5 Racism per second   10/10.  Version changelog (Edits): Version 1.1 - Racism per second (Rps) from 1 Rps to 5 Rps
The Real Dota 2  Dota is a competitive game of action and strategy, played both professionally and casually incompetently by millions of enslaved passionate fans Russians worldwide. Players pick from a pool of over a hundred heroes carries, forming two teams of    <- Link  NOTE: Original description by Valve, edited by myself.
I want to stop, but I can't. Started playing and couldnt stop for weeks, girlfriend broke up with me and dog got ran over, was to busy screaming at peruvians to notice. I also like playing with 4 stack russians as they 4 man the jungle and ancients. 12/10 Would Dota again
Cancer game, cancer community. Please don't play this game trust me i played long enough, just don't...
It is very relaxing.
I learnt how to insult people in russian. 11/10
If you enjoyed Metro 2033 or Metro Last Light, you'll love this game. It's full of russians too.
You should play Dota 2 because it learns you lot of things!!! For example 1.Geography: Russia is located in West Europe. 2.Russian: When you want to learn Russian,just play dota. 3.Rank means nothing
Yep
First game of LoL Easy, First game of Smite easy, first game of Dota 0/21/0. You want a challenge that is more interesting than LoL then this is your game. I plan on playing this for a long time to come.
Benefits: -Easy to learn Russian -Easy to learn Philipines -Imrpove your arguing skills -Increase blood pressure  More benefits: -Lose your life -Lose your girlfriend -Lose your family -Lose your time -Lose your computer -Lose your mouse  11/10-Totally worth it
Dota was fine untill 7.00 came. 7.00 Ruined it. Don't fix something that aint broke volvo. We need a petetion or something to get rid of this nonsense and bring our beloved Dota 2 back Thumbs up if you agree so that others can see
A fun, friendly and educational game for the entire family! Learn Russian and Spanish while you\'re at it and meet dozens of world renowned scientists who claim to be smarter in every single subject you can bring up!  Meet the friendliest players who will reply with "" when you say "Good luck, have fun!", meet players who will tell you that the real world is hard and you\'re not prepared for it, even if you have a wife and children or are a war veteran! Meet players than cite Thesaurus perfectly to crush you in a friendly verbal debate about the very on-topic subjects of the game like Electromagnetics and economics!  A fun game for the entire family, try it out now and let it consume your soul! !
U can play any game from steam but in the end u will return to dota
Find a hero that suits you\'re playstyle, be prepared to learn how to play a moba, and most importantly, be prepared to see the word "REPORTED" in chat almost every game.
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, \'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.\'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- \'Don\'t ever smoke. Please don\'t put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
IF U WANNA KILL YOUR SELF ! JUST DOWNLOAD THIS GAME ! GUARANTEED DESTROY YOUR LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MAKE NO MISTAKE, IT IS BETTER NOT DOWNLOAD
Have played game for 1800 hours and still have not found a single way to reach the ending. 8/10 for gameplay. 4/10 for direction.
Worst UI ever 7.00, skill, stat buff effect,item everything so small and unclear. Do the team trying to pull other MOBA players by changing the UI? Congratulation man you made it.
this game is bad for ur life
Better than Bubble You can learn fluent Russain in 3 games
how many russians can fit into a single game is the real question here
Socially dangerous tool to destroy and sap the life out of friendship.
