Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old" when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen! #FraudNewsCNN #FNN TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree I recognize the rights of people to express their views. Thank you Kanye very cool! Happy New Year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love! To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp; DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS! My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! They just didn't get it but they do now! Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured! How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33000 emails that you deleted? THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington D.C. TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸 Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail LaVar Ball the father of LiAngelo is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail! It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS! What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow! Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS! Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault. He doesn’t know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country! Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man respected by all. The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails. We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED! The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace! SEE YOU IN COURT THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE! MAGA! People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!! Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. Very unfair! Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT! Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue! We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media). The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona Spain and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong we love you! Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud! My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you! Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and indeed the world - a horrible mess! January 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. Wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago! Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn! Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail! Subject to the receipt of further information I will be allowing as President the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened. If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS? Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding of course)! Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly. Merry Christmas and a very very very very Happy New Year to everyone! Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory! I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America! Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico! Fidel Castro is dead! Beautiful weather all over our great country a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years! Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ??? Enjoy! HAPPY EASTER! If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016) I will send in the Feds! HAPPY THANKSGIVING your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back highest Stock Market EVER Military getting really strong we will build the WALL V.A. taking care of our Vets great Supreme Court Justice RECORD CUT IN REGS lowest unemployment in 17 years....! I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful! #StandForOurAnthem The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this! #HappyIndependenceDay #USA🇺🇸 We must keep "evil" out of our country! In the East it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country but not other countries was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up! MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win win win! The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo. A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished! I hope everyone is having a great Christmas then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)! Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler as an example is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track! Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again! I use Social Media not because I like to but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction! Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children especially my 11 year old son Barron are having a hard time with this. Sick! Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve! We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court! Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things we will build the wall! A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot! Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years! Watching the returns at 9:45pm. #ElectionNight #MAGA🇺🇸 God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you. On behalf of the American people WELCOME HOME! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years why would it work now? Clinton failed Bush failed and Obama failed. I won't fail. Don’t worry the Republicans and your President will fix it! May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan. I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran #1 in terror no problem! North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit. Happy Easter to everyone! Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it. On behalf of the United States congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed great job! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy Birthday America! I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope! Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support! Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched the highest number in history. beat every other Network for the first time ever with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart! If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect.... Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real and what is not without censorship! THANK YOU! I hereby demand and will do so officially tomorrow that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration! My supporters are the smartest strongest most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger so does our country. Best numbers ever! HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America Ronald Reagan! What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people. Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike! We need to be smart vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety! If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend! Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp; perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong! Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please! ISIS is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again! When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work! If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real long term budget no C.R.’s! Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government! Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America. A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech! The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many ma… Military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path! When a car is sent to the United States from China there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade. No it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years! Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville Alabama plant which will produce over 300000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama! I have offered DACA a wonderful deal including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to citizenship for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA only use it! Since November 8th Election Day the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs! When a country is no longer able to say who can and who cannot come in &amp; out especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy! SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow! My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school. We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams! NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY! Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia because they will be coming nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it! If you don’t have Borders you don’t have a Country! So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear! Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives not just a freeze. Also no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned! There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world! Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me! Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again! Professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! If the ban were announced with a one week notice the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there! The United States is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea. .....Be happy be cool! A football game that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay! Today we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger 31 years later. #NeverForget ...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III. Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen! Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp; Place set. Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! Congratulations and on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement along with commercial and international partners continues to show American ingenuity at its best! Let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th… Big day for Israel. Congratulations! Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year” like last year but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford Chairman of Ford who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico A big salute to Jerry Jones owner of the Dallas Cowboys who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!" Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together we are going to MAKE AM… MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Andrew McCabe FIRED a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI! Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail! So funny to watch the Fake News especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools! Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call? A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S. At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!" Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country? Congratulations to our new Attorney General North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you a very smart and gracious gesture! Despite the constant negative press covfefe MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Congratulations to for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS - public is smart! In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower. The FAKE NEWS media (failing is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American People! Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team! How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy! Congratulations to Maxine Waters whose crazy rants have made her together with Nancy Pelosi the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear America is now stronger than ever before and I’m not going anywhere! I as President want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST “You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly by all accounts to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton JW Any negative polls are fake news just like the CNN ABC NBC polls in the election. Sorry people want border security and extreme vetting. ...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do! We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸 Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was! THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. ...LaVar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal especially in China. Ungrateful fool! Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants or Illegal Immigrants “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “Animals” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong as usual! So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything or anyone even close! Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change NOW! Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today. the American people. I have no doubt that we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints. “I REALLY DON’T CARE DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are and she truly no longer cares! Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes! Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support! The opinion of this so-called judge which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned! Unemployment is down to 4.1% lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever up $5.4 trill As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter I want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters and even the very dishonest Fake News Media a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America! Great meeting with today talked about prison reform and sentencing. A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration. When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea Syria Ukraine terrorism and Russia can greatly help! Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all! I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one! The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S. our military and countries that help us! ...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S. Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction! Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades! Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down. Wow so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control! It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats! Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0Source: Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49% a far better number than I had in winning the Election and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well someday! Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand! So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax that’s why and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and much faster than anyone thought possible! I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL which is desperately needed for our National Defense is not fully funded. When people come into our Country illegally we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime! It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick Cryin’ Chuck Schumer want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders! Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no Wall there is no DACA. We must have safety and security together with a strong Military for our great people! For those asking the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on Crime (and Border) and even better to our Military &amp; Veterans! Since the first day I took office all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election Russia RussiaRussia. Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that because of the turmoil &amp; disfunction in Iran and Venezuela I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production maybe up to 2000000 barrels to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed! Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here! The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation in just twelve months than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office no matter what the length. The good news is THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME! The Christmas Story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of God’s love for all of humanity.Whatever our beliefs we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life... Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us! The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is they forgot to campaign in numerous states! Sorry we cannot let our friends or enemies take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first! Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer 'bleached' emails &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction? I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends! We should have a contest as to which of the Networks plus CNN and not including Fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY! I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government! The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim our day together was historic! Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey who at one point I knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others! Here’s a great stat - since January 2017 the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work! I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt Will soon be heading to Davos Switzerland to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again! Congratulations to France who played extraordinary soccer on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever! I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp; vicious I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites! AMERICA FIRST! The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular your favorite President! Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved! Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party! The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly he is playing great golf again! As your President I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans! I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was "I hope so!" Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal! Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA! #MerryChristmas I am extremely pleased to see that has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time! If anyone is looking for a good lawyer I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen! Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will and must build the Wall! To the great and brave men and women of ICE do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance It will never happen! Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others) colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election! MERRY CHRISTMAS!! Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy! The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S. say the haters &amp; losers. We have our hostages testing research and all missle launches have stoped and these pundits who have called me wrong from the beginning have nothing else they can say! We will be fine! The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man. The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man Mike Pence. Apologize! We should start an immediate investigation into and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine but not for this! Getting ready to leave for Washington D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.. I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe! Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady Melania. Successful procedure she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers! I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud! Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice! North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea..... MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into U.S.? The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members drug dealers &amp; others are being removed! So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election! Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference! CNN’S slogan is CNN THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS! The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad! Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS! These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it? Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth as usual! Congresswoman Maxine Waters an extraordinarily low IQ person has become together with Nancy Pelosi the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters of which there are many of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max! Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs Jobs Jobs! The Queen of Soul Aretha Franklin is dead. She was a great woman with a wonderful gift from God her voice. She will be missed! I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult! Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 🇺🇸🇯🇲 Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott they really get it (lowest Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment in history). Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight! They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS which is a large percentage of the media that is the enemy of the people! Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all! The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast! Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence! Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well much more has been accomplished! Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess! We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness millions of people will journey into our country. Space Force all the way! Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough! So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed while Crooked Hillary Clinton on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system or just a double standard? Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery sacrifices &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief! They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue! Have a great but very reflective President’s Day! HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media? We must not allow ISIS to return or enter our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough! Leaving now for Texas! Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend Terry M who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all and much more! ....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you ....untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey! Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL! So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border and with illegal immigration FAST! A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all! Why should I as President of the United States allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses as they have for decades while our Farmers Workers &amp; Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit... My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. Little Adam Schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington right up there with Comey Warner Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped! Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal &amp; we will heal &amp; be stronger than ever before! We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. The Democrats have been told and fully understand that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost! My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done! This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule if a restaurant is dirty on the outside it is dirty on the inside! The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people! Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents but costs are out of control more than $4 billion. Cancel order! Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News it’s hard to believe! Thank you America we are doing Great Things. Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K. we are Winning and will be doing so for a long time to come! Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest! Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014 long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion! Alec Baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL now says playing me was agony. Alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond funnier and a far greater talent! Democrats please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp; policies may be bad but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp; has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left! If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly I don't know if that will ever happen! Together we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M. Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT! Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE! Can you believe that with all of the made up unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media together with the $10000000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion) I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt but the People truly get it! At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help! I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people! The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out! Jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again! Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction! This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East it is now time to start investing in OUR Country! The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp; File are great people! ....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming! Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades with Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment lowest in History and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever! The Fake Mainstream Media has from the time I announced I was running for President run the most highly sophisticated &amp; dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp; women WON I’m President! I am working hard even on Thanksgiving trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon! Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp; its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately no trust! Another false story this time in the Failing that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also I seldom if ever watch CNN or MSNBC both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military. Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper! Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem Flag and Country? Change tax law! Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad! NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS! John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John you are hurting your country! ....Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming..... Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘18. Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag! Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country! JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime WITCH HUNT! I love the White House one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE Wow looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system! ...can't change history but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee Stonewall Jackson - who's next Washington Jefferson? So foolish! Also... Despite the disgusting illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters” but that’s the way it is! The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE nothing less! AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned! I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA! Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process? Because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet. Big news - Budget just passed! Stock Market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger! The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans! Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU! The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency! Great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia Russia Russia despite the fact that after a year of looking there is No Collusion! North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help that would be great. If not we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A. Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick! Shoplifting is a very big deal in China as it should be (5-10 years in jail) but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful! I don’t blame China I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same! Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter! Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.! I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery Catch &amp; Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country! When you see “anonymous source” stop reading the story it is fiction! Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings! While in the Philippines I was forced to watch which I have not done in months and again realized how bad and FAKE it is. Loser! Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave but there might be a Red Wave! I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... RED WAVE! I have asked Secretary of State to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names! Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man they won't be around much longer! Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States and the world so well in the Syria attack. Wishing Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS! I asked Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and Karen. So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp; hatred is not compatible with a loving peaceful &amp; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made. Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You..... In one of the biggest stories in a long time the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts perhaps 50000 and all in prime time. Wow! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States and all of its GREAT people should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea! THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! It's very sad that Republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their President. Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory! President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling he said it couldn’t happen was no big deal &amp; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok! Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country! Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President! protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone including Republicans Democrats and DACA but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table! So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all our country is doing great! Representative Devin Nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure! The Liberal Left also known as the Democrats want to get rid of ICE who do a fantastic job and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL! Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered! The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good! The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based. I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you! Remember Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)! ....People are angry. At some point the Justice Department and the FBI must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it! Happy Mother’s Day!!! Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers workers and companies I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market! Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories) today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again! Well the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News all the money spent = 0 A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities to let drugs pour into our cities and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW ORDER and JUSTICE! I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October just prior to Election! At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with ISIS the border &amp; so much else! Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength! Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years! ...Hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling. If ObamaCare is hurting people &amp; it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays? I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing not a bad thing....... IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP Only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage..... Unprecedented success for our Country in so many ways since the Election. Record Stock Market Strong on Military Crime Borders &amp; ISIS Judicial Strength &amp; Numbers Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp; ALL Massive Tax Cuts end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018! ...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal All signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS! Robert De Niro a very Low IQ individual has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t... Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office! “The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became.... Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS JOBS JOBS! The Rigged Witch Hunt originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp; now 13 Angry Democrats should look into the missing DNC Server Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails the Pakistani Fraudster Uranium One Podesta &amp; so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job! I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state &amp; local governments use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.) and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business! Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen! Congratulations to Thomas Perez who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him or for the Republican Party! The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL! Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp; women in 18years) rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice! Kim Jong Un of North Korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before! Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp; starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon! The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more! Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome! Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos? I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and.... The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember I won.... When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade time to get smart! This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Military &amp; Vets Lower Crime &amp; Illegal Immigration Stronger Borders Judgeships Best Economy &amp; Jobs EVER and much more... We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in… Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST! Big wins against ISIS! Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim! The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history! The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy! My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech! The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate bigotry etc. Shame! The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us? Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people! Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first! Democrats fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders No Crime! I will be meeting General Kelly General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you. Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you! Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible! The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American! ....Our Immigration policy laughed at all over the world is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again! The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars! Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment! From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp; Leadership. Must WIN again! #MAGA Congratulations to Paul Ryan Kevin McCarthy Kevin Brady Steve Scalise Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes! We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us! The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. Campaigning is much different! Where are the 50000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok? Blaming Samsung! Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary. The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September before the Election? “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown! As I said today and many times before “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers we must get along! #HELSINKI2018 Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout! For many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!! Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others). The United States must at long last be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods and they charge us 25 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade it is Stupid Trade! Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to Wall long standing ovations amazing people. WIN! ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed. Please understand there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R” is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone! Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces. A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads people that couldn’t do the job before were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un the same haters shout out “you shouldn’t meet do not meet!” Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE” Now it all starts to make sense! Things are going really well for our economy a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news and much more to come! The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G. James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was in fact fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and..... There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS! Mexico is doing very little if not NOTHING at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows or I will stop their cash cow NAFTA. NEED WALL! I never said Russia did not meddle in the election I said “it may be Russia or China or another country or group or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did! Wow the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena" The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention hand on heart? The $40000000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling out for game. Second time kneeling out for season/no pay! After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow...... If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp! I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.) Thank you to Brad Blakeman on for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard! Can you imagine what the outcry would be if failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time! Despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindication...and WOW Comey is a leaker! A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying without ever asking me (always anonymous sources) that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong very happy! Highest Stock Market EVER best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure S.C.: No WH chaos! DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes! Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge not me and did nothing. PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that “US Tariffs were kind of insulting” and he “will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest &amp; weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy! The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp; to obstruct-want open borders which means crime! Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon the Washington Post who constantly quote anonymous sources that in my opinion don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years! Who was it that secretly said to Russian President "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" It wasn’t the White House it wasn’t the State Department it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King but without the hair. Just think.. The U.S. Coast Guard FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone! TO ALL AMERICANS-#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we… The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught! Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats some big Crooked Hillary supporters and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet there is NO COLLUSION! It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt! A big week especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been! The Democrats want to abolish ICE which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November. Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S. health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW! The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined. WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh I see there was no Russian Collusion so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard! It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS even worse! Lost cred. MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands but these killers come back in from El Salvador and through Mexico like water. El Salvador just takes our money and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall! California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP! Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race? Thank you We would love to have you! Congratulations America we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money! No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans – not for criminal aliens! China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into China once again. This is REAL news! The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough. .....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp; MSNBC &amp; yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt or don’t watch at all.. I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting! The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting! I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States. I call my own shots largely based on an accumulation of data and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media in order to marginalize lies! I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina! Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO! "It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham. ....History shows that a school shooting lasts on average 3 minutes. It takes police &amp; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained gun adept teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT! I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018 Sadly Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fair deal for DACA. Take care of our Military and our Country FIRST! 4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp; Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule. Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now that will not happen! Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen! Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are? The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp; distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp; sick! If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance! People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of News (he has been suspended) should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars! I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but day by day they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad! Governor John Kasich of the GREAT GREAT GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible! Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress the FBI or Justice called for an investigation! Wow CNN had to retract big story on "Russia" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS! Thank you to all of my great supporters really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump at over 90% is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow! Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow and always for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country! Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you. Employment is up Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy! I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down! Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.” So true! The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before! The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast. Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch &amp; release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp; Security reasons. This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown When a country Taxes our products coming in at say 50% and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice! The Fake News Media has been so unfair and vicious to my wife and our great First Lady Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death to facelift to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia to abuse. All Fake she is doing really well! We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall there is no Deal! If Russia or some other entity was hacking why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost? Well the New Year begins. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening! Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place just LOST his primary election. In other words he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer and more respectful to his President! So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history! #MAGA Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you! #AMERICA FIRST! Sorry but this is years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus????? We finally agree on something Rosie. This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history! An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW! March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist Blame Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix NOW! As I made very clear today our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval. Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal! If we can help little #CharlieGard as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope we would be delighted to do so. Meryl Streep one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a..... Mitch get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it! THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends! 'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to and now they just talk! Mike Pompeo Director of the CIA will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all! A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!! Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call. We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in we must immediately with no Judges or Court Cases bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents... MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton cameras blazing.This should not happen! The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall think Merit and end Lottery &amp; Chain. USA! After years of Comey with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more) running the FBI its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not we will bring it back to greatness. That's right we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people! Not surprisingly the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military. At some point and for the good of the country I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East it is time to start rebuilding our country! Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction! Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations" but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace why not done? A great day at the White House! The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson a great Christian family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately! I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency the Turkish Lira slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time! Feels good to be home after seven months but the White House is very special there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home! We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12000 children 10000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip and only 2000 are with their parents many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions. You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in America. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 I hereby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great and getting major things done! I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN! Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills mostly with no Democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice! Remember the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill. Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down! Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them! The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it we are ready - but they won’t! Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal! Sorry I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear bad Trade Deals VA Choice the Economy rebuilding the Military and so much more and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc. How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe the man in charge along with leakin’ James Comey of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation? Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all! Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th Washington D.C. Have fun! The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly (306) so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news! Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting! Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times and 4 times last year alone. The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!..... I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy. The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks! We are building our future with American hands American labor American iron aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace. I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia they know exactly what they are doing.... My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad! The U.S. economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great and Regulations &amp; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS JOBS JOBS People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday Friday and Saturday! Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW! The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections. If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have the Fake News would have named him a national hero! After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening but only time will tell! "One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! Dishonest Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America! Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.” On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt! Here is my statement. Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright! Looking more &amp; more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam! The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for Hillary NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE! The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp; all things else 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials? Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike! Uranium deal to Russia with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow! Wow more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year! Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach Fla. They are a wonderful couple! I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts. Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST! Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY not by 2025. The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History! Fantastic to have 400000 GREAT MEN &amp; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country they love our Flag they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller. Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are! Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with Putin. Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things High Taxes High Crime and Obstruction. Sad! The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control! Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen! Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin the team captain was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping in many ways. What a time! WOW “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign! DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration! My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job we are all very proud of you! On this wonderful Veterans Day I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you! I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable! Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! don’t focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine! Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful! Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually a very big story. Much classified information! Democrats who want Open Borders and care little about Crime are incompetent but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side! NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT! NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history! After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas! Why is the United States Post Office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE! Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit! The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said leakers are traitors and cowards and we will find out who they are! The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist” which is their campaign slogan and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting “forever” to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved! The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal. He was the one that created this MESS in the first place! Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O” If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the U.S. then with all of the Committee Hearings Investigations and Party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America! Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011 and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican! The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately only a small number of players decided to come and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry! Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military. Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country. No leadership in NFL! The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists. Sad! Our entire Nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland FL. To teachers law enforcement first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays! While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad! I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me! This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT! Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again! We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER and we must have a great WALL to help protect us and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country! Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing! We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods (and more) would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form! not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel January 20th is fast approaching! Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News! Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well. Because of the $700 &amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M! Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts and what they are doing for our booming economy. Remember when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media often times those sources are made up and do not exist. A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the world. Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on HealthcareTax CutsSecurity. Obstruction doesn't work! We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the Fake News! I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to) because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp; FBI aren’t giving over requested documents? Every day the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL! The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture! I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES." So the Democrats make up a phony crime Collusion with the Russians pay a fortune to make the crime sound real illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News! Yes Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard! A great American Kurt Cochran was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends. Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME! Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S. Don't let up keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA! Frank “FX” Giaccio-On behalf of Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! gives you an A+! #HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA🇺🇸 45000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again America! So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis Maryland. Looking forward to being there. I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide! Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous) that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems! Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people! The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story! We must have Border Security get rid of Chain Lottery Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and of course keep building but much faster THE WALL! No Collusion and No Obstruction except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan Comey McCabe Strzok lies to Congress or Crooked’s Emails! I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M. 19000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸 ....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all! Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC. Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions! Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp; since getting out he has become nothing less than a loudmouth partisan political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country! The Senate should get funding done before the August break or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct all they know how to do. STAY! As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out however there was tremendous leaking lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI Justice &amp; State. #DrainTheSwamp I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end! Obama Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea and now weak on Crime High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran we don’t need his advice! of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow! The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term it should be brought back. Use often! ...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33000 Emails got $145000000 while Secretary of State paid McCabes wife $700000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam. I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved! Drudge Report “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW! Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate! There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt headed now by 17 (increased from 13 including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats was started by a fraudulent Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam! Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star! Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia a made up Scam and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around comes around! On International Women's Day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world. I win an election easily a great "movement" is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state! If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics! Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW! Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress deleted and “acid washed” 33000 Emails? No justice! The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way! is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN but outside of the U.S. CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them! Just fired Agent Strzok formerly of the FBI was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone! Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12000000?).... The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW! My thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you! The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country remove those Barriers &amp; Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street! Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in! Today there were terror attacks in Turkey Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking! ....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested like others after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington D.C.? The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me and the good people surrounding me are total fiction. Problem is when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway! Taliban targeted innocent Afghans brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win! DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten. House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt! The Wall Street Journal asks “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?” A very good question! It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal! Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy. Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction! Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now as President of the United States it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event the United States under my Administration has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?” The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out. Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you and it will get even (much) better! I hope John Brennan the worst CIA Director in our country’s history brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records texts emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue! For years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting! Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT while at the same time doing nothing to others....... ...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! The booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger “John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself he has disgraced the Country he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the.... We must remember this truth: No matter our color creed religion or political party we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. ...to stop drugs they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple AMERICA FIRST &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so the U.S. with its allies will! U.S.A. “School shooting survivor says he quit Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” Just like so much of CNN Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse. The debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS gave us the win! House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember it still has to pass in the Senate and for that we need 10 Democrat votes and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November! Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks! Great to be in Singapore excitement in the air! Melania and I are honored to light up the this evening for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.… While on FAKE NEWS Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties! Melania our great and very hard working First Lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that “if you run you will win.” She would tell everyone that “no doubt he will win.” I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great! The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE one of the smartest toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 &amp; clean out the toughest of situations. They are great! Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8 but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer! Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity." So true! And the FAKE NEWS winners I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety. Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up! Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington D.C. #Inauguration Pfizer &amp; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp; others unable to defend themselves while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp; elsewhere. We will respond! Thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool! In the “old days” when good news was reported the Stock Market would go up. Today when good news is reported the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake and we have so much good (great) news about the economy! Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G) then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled he McCabe and the others committed many crimes! Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent. Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before! Oil prices are too high OPEC is at it again. Not good! Please do not forget the great help that my good friend President Xi of China has given to the United States particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer tougher process! Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of! 45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard. A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor Andrew Brunson from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband &amp; father. He has done nothing wrong and his family needs him! “Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” ....The Wall will be paid for directly or indirectly or through longer term reimbursement by Mexico which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke! A big deal looking good with Mexico! Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE thereby declaring war on Law &amp; Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and in many cases joining the Republican Party! “President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18000 to 26000 from Election and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump not 0... Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! Jenna Ellis “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.” Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in Charlottesville Virginia. So sad! So they caught Fake News CNN cold but what about NBC CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing &amp; They are all Fake News! James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal! Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸 My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on concerning immigrants &amp; Sweden. ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth! Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore! Mark Penn “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace! Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity! Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it! I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible! I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm. Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting. The Massive Tax Cuts which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes hate these big Cuts! Congratulations Secretary Mattis! The sleazy New York Democrats and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18800000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in $19200000. I won’t settle this case!... Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace! The Democrats have no message not on economics not on taxes not on jobs not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS! For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS! Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails. Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players from different teams wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love...... The Tax Cut/Reform Bill including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong! My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws.... The Stock Market hit 25000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening! Despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture! After 200 days rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls! The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc? The U.S. has been talking to North Korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years. Talking is not the answer! The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!… To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:☑️Keep the watch🇺🇸☑️Protect her🇺🇸☑️Defend her🇺🇸☑️LOVE HER🇺🇸Good Luck &amp; Godspeed! On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you! Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great! In NYC looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.! We are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest! Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018! Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide? Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice! For years even as a "civilian" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance! Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC… Without more Republicans in Congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally after many years of depletion take care of our Military. Sadly we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election! The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall end Catch &amp; Release Visa Lottery and Chain and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN! Great day for America's future Security and Safety courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people &amp; WIN! Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12400000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd! Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie on the success of their just out book “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign! “Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff this is GREAT what everyone wants so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails Comey lies &amp; leaks Mueller conflicts McCabe Strzok Page Ohr...... So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh I see...you have a made up phony crime Collusion that never existed and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice! Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts! Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years! After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians" nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad! After many years of failurecountries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive! The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people! As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences our country would be overrun with people trying to get in and our system could not handle it! TEXAS: We are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover and REBUILD! Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive! Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare the Democrats &amp; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan! ....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military not do a Dem defund.... Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez a political prisoner &amp; husband of (just met w/ o… Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy — hurting our Farmers killing our Agriculture! MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing! The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact! How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam) pass judgement on anyone? Loser! Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R! The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest! Watching Hurricane closely. My team which has done and is doing such a good job in Texas is already in Florida. No rest for the weary! My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33000 e-mails! “I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless! Beginning today the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA! ...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story... Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M. Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another or from one party to another – but we are transferring... Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C! Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene. Very good meetings with North Korea. HISTORIC rainfall in Houston and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks! So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so! “The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S. and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?” Judge Andrew Napolitano The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill! Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs including MS-13 coming into our country illegally? Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment. A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! The failing has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries then the general election. FAKE NEWS! Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants no matter how bad they may be to pour into and infest our Country like MS-13. They can’t win on their terrible policies so they view them as potential voters! Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! For first time the failing will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly! The trip by Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country! Today it was my great honor to proclaim January 15 2018 as Martin Luther King Jr. Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic community and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy. Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate? “The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good we must keep America safe! We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures and did nothing about it! Great evening last night in Washington Michigan. The enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in I cherish you....and will be back! What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad! The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister! Join me live for the What ever happened to the Server at the center of so much Corruption that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp; offices early in the morning but were afraid to take the Server? Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues! My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact. If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES! There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits Negotiations on NAFTA and much more. Witch Hunt! Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned! FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing has become a joke. Likewise Sad! Tremendous pressure is building like never before for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected! Finally Liddle’ Adam Schiff the leakin’ monster of no control is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President knew of the threat and did nothing. Thank you Adam! The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time! Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters paramedics first responders - what amazing people they are! There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore. Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do! Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet! Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking! Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations! The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night! Sorry folks but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN NBC ABC CBS washpost or nytimes I would have had ZERO chance winning WH Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit! Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do! Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany? Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help! Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory! An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv… It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts. With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS 2018 is off to great start!✅Unemployment rate at 4.1%.✅Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.✅200000 new American jobs.✅#MAGA🇺🇸 Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected. Just talked with Pfizer CEO and on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people! I don’t care what the political ramifications are our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown... Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama two wonderful people! On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men women and children and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again! Congratulations to News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia Russia Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News! The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first! We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue! Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja Mexico to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country! Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the An exceptional person will be chosen! President Xi and I will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries! Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor! I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace! ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country. Thank you to for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition! Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS! While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa and while I would rather not be doing so this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry! My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.... Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didn't work! Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough! With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special counsel appointed! For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning at least you know I will be there awake to answer the call! Jeb Bush George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice! Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two... The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years he failed!That should NEVER have happened! I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday July 9th! Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22000 today. Was 18000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions! Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie! The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest or start over! even those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures! I am thrilled to nominate Dr. as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development… Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally after so many years solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance there will never be another opportunity! March 5th. Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TRUST.” And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are “One Nation Under God.” #NationalPrayerBreakfast Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime! General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY! Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal even going at it with President Obama &amp; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him! National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7 1941 My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe! The failing does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday! 'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' The train accident that just occurred in DuPont WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads bridges tunnels railways (and more) crumble! Not for long! “Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. If this had happened to the other side everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time. As everybody is aware the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp but to no avail. Stay tuned! U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election! The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers... ....Too many voices are being destroyed some good &amp; some bad and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate good &amp; bad and we will all just have to figure it out! Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition! If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon! Unbelievably James Comey states that Polls where Crooked Hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job. Slimeball! ....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive defense alone won’t work! Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton many crimes much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? Rigged Investigation! We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S. but....... The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct! Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now as an example able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats! The same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before. Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings not by me. Sad end to great show Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸 A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans especially Hispanics feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama. Don't give up Republican Senators the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option) get Cross State Lines &amp; more. The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13! I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott Senator Ted Cruz Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th. The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success except in the Fake News Media! ....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon? Witch Hunt! Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together! James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really does everybody know what that means? As a show of support for our Armed Forces I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it should be fun! Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders and many friends including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph will be there. Looking forward to seeing all! Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor. So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC that was knowingly &amp; falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt! Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50% which is higher than Obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS! Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS VA Judges Strong Border 2nd A Tax Cuts &amp; more? Can you believe that Mitch McConnell who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare! Mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also we must get Wall funding fast. Elect more Republicans in November and we will pass the finest fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE! Longest bull run in the history of the stock market congratulations America! ....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago! Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety. Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk no action. We’ll get it done! The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing) when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News so bad! “The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal isn’t it? Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more. Bipartisan make deal Dems? Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law your paychecks are going way UP your taxes are going way DOWN and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff Double Standard. Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high! Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed including healthcare. Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know! According to the a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp; understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP! The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33000 e-mails deleted? Just landed - a long trip but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future! Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase! ...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will. DISHONEST Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD and we will do it with American WORKERS American GRIT and American PRIDE! I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session: We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands as our ridiculous immigration laws demand we should be changing our laws building the Wall hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password. Attorney–client privilege is dead! Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget! Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade! Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out! ....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military! It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING! The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary? The WALL which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built. Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal unlike those of the past can happen! The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam! .....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers! The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un. I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump! America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION the STRONG protecting the WEAK &amp; G… The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. Democrats want open Borders where anyone can come into our Country and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen! The cast and producers of Hamilton which I hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior Trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the United States fairly. In the end all will be happy! BORDER WALL prototypes underway! Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance it’s worth great prestige and big dollars even board seats and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.” Congress get ready to do your job - DACA! Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work which Chicago will not allow would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop! 🇺🇸🇬🇧 The new Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s! Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly we have no choice! The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. &amp; are unwatchable. is great! Great to be in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad! Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets. It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing! 95% of Americans will pay less or at worst the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes! Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now the Rigged Witch Hunt! Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful! ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry! The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT! Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe! ...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately the facts are all coming out and fast! Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill! Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept. We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY! When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin and all that I gave up remember I gave up NOTHING we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also we got along very well which is a good thing except for the Corrupt Media! I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. ....FISA abuse Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier the Clinton Foundation illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp; documents without redaction? Come on Jeff you can do it the country is waiting! It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can and must END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay! Great optimism for future of U.S. business AND JOBS with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming! Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY? After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security the tougher the better! Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free fair and SMART TRADE! Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court! I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before... The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA! We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done! AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost! With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other. The U.S. together with Mexico and Canada just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work! ....Where is the DNC Server and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State? On behalf of an entire Nation CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill. 39% of my nominations including Diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful! Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 8:00 P.M. ...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING! The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime WEAK on the Border Bad for our Military and our great Vets Bad for our 2nd Amendment AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster! It is now commonly agreed after many months of COSTLY looking that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC! Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned! Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast! Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job! We save a fortune by not doing war games as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are! Charles Koch of Koch Brothers who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?) now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct AMERICA FIRST! Very proud of our incredible First Lady She is a truly great representative for our country! 3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition! Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before and we will. Need the WALL need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt. After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the FAKE NEWS is still lost! Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side not mine! Does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? FAKE NEWS! I told Rex Tillerson our wonderful Secretary of State that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man... Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp; Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad! Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics! Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians the Chinese the North Koreans they funded the Iranians &amp; are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp; trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.” We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter). Wow highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong please recheck that poll! California finally deserves a great Governor one who understands borders crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again! I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go! update and policy plans for the first 100 days. When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation it will only take longer to make a deal and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well be cool. The end result will be worth it! Thank you very much working hard! I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE! Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea and they have given up nothing. Wow we haven’t given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World) site closure &amp; no more testing! On behalf of an entire nation Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!#USMC242 #SemperFi James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue? Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not.... The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate! Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations both present &amp; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp; rich! The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the American People! The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people I enjoy watching. In 7 years when I am no longer in office their ratings will dry up and they will be gone! Wow watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never no.” He lied as shown clearly on Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try! Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN! My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race! “The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails! Best wishes to Prime Minister and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month! House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it! ....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END! The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs high business enthusiasm.. Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat or AG in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)! If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary we would all be much better off! If last night’s election proved anything it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate. The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad! Many dead including women and children in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price... Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled! Wow Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past! Serious voter fraud in Virginia New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem! A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength! WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them! The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country! I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay! I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet... Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville Indiana for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world! Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay! “Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate now as the most effective president the most successful president in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs! This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned! Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell! HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME. WIN! First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of America! No Collusion No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing! “My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of....... I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY! HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him! Good news House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow. Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like how come he gave up Classified Information (jail) why did he lie to Congress (jail) why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it) why the phony memos McCabe’s $700000 &amp; more? The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media! We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty! Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations. I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow. Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT) SO DANGEROUS! What a year it’s been and we're just getting started. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal! China and the United States are working well together on trade but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China for so many years that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool it will all work out! Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard! The Summit with Russia was a great success except with the real enemy of the people the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed including stopping terrorism security for Israel nuclear........ Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay… Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN ABC NBC &amp; CBS? Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World but also for North Korea! At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control! Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement. Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the today. I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future only because of me. NATO was weak but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders never mentions the money! Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people or fools would think that it is bad! We..... While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA! MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward! After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselvesnot Russia." CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool making up story after story is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants adding 2000 jobs. This after... When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with trade wars are good and easy to win. Example when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy! Our Great Larry Kudlow who has been working so hard on trade and the economy has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center. Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery. The Democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore! The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who together with Nancy Pelosi have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres. It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice you will do much better! Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions. “There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite that Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” ....At what point does this soon to be $20000000 Witch Hunt composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia No Obstruction but they aren’t looking at the corruption... find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime high tax problems - along with so many others. On June 5th. vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again! It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws! New report from DOJ &amp; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms.... When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov. Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good! Congressman Ron DeSantis a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders tough on Crime &amp; big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp; has my full Endorsement! Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago butas the saying goes better late than never! If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill! I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House. So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget! The Dow just broke 24000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence which is also at an all-time high would be “low and glum!” Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc. “Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen). I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story. Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50% which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration. Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good. Prior to departing Wisconsin I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene. President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty. The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit) and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work! Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad! The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp; the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America! Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you! Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era and other laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today. Andrew McCabe “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet) he was using allegedly his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.” Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST The European Union wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp; tariffs on U.S. products going in we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not we Tax Cars etc. FAIR! Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes I am considering a Full Pardon! The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector... Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning. Together we will #MAGA! Robert De Niro a very Low IQ individual has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t... Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled! America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance! Thank you to for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA! Big week coming up! The W.H. is functioning perfectly focused on HealthCare Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V. Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover &amp; REBUILD! During the campaign I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! We will fight the #FakeNews with you! ...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem! Iger where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie yet no apology. Double Standard! Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne Florida. A lot to talk about! The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us (including at the United Nations)? With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country! The big Caravan of People from Honduras now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW! The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal! FAKE NEWS media which makes up stories and "sources" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast! Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first! Slippery James Comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!) will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history by far! The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy. ...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy! Going to Charleston South Carolina in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it. Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating! JOBS JOBS JOBS! Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected! The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again so are many others! Too much talk not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem. U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy and jobs would have been a disaster! Earlier today I spoke with of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt Preston Cope their families and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you! As to the U.N. things will be different after Jan. 20th. Almost 500000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong in fact these are among our best and most important jobs! The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop! I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S. but not for long! My daughter Ivanka just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country. Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers workers &amp; companies. Take down your tariffs &amp; barriers or we will more than match you! Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon! Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted! 62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in Montgomery Alabama uttered one word that changed history... MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better. Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! Leaving Hamburg for Washington D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea. Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have! While I had a great meeting with NATO raising vast amounts of money I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy! 70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow! ....the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions NO.... The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew! The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First. While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating just showed that my rating on Dec. 28 2017 was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28 2009 which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp; Russia hoax! FAIR TRADE! ...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia! If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media! For those of you who are still interested the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them! The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp; go and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos only great Energy! The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306! The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion except by the Democrats! I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation headed up by the all Democrat loyalists or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion so they go crazy! Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. Thank you to General John Kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the Staff and others in the White House for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to WIN and few have won more than us! Today we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered there is no better place to build hire and grow than right here in the United States! So true thank you! Wow is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable! Wow what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort who has represented Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair! Thank you Brian Krzanich CEO of A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!… Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable! A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million and going up fast. No Collusion except by the Democrats! Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart! The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast! “Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People! A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and his representatives at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks! Just returned home to the beautiful White House from Dallas where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the It was so wonderful to be there! Rep. Lou Barletta a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp; smart loves Pennsylvania &amp; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts unlike Bob Casey who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer! The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct! Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs saying that they are individuals &amp; must be nurtured or asking to end your big Tax Cuts &amp; raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch! Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better! Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration Border Wall Military Pro Life V.A. Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet! Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight will be live on T.V. A story in the that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don’t exist! The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad! Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard. Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans! ...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world was really ill or whatever. Fake News is really bad! “BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it! Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County Florida. Will never forget them or the evening! Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp; Borders. Troy is the total opposite and loves our Military Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement! JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public! Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia and everybody including the Democrats know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary the Democrats and the DNC! My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES. Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government hence the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals! Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA! Today I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual You are living witnesses of this year’s March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives. Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant. #draintheswamp The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also record business enthusiasm. I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA🇺🇸 In new Quinnipiac Poll 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll. Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all! General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier Uranium Speeches Emails and the Podesta Company! Study the late Joseph McCarthy because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt! Homeland Security did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete &amp; nasty laws which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America! ..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA! The failing writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years and now are making up stories &amp; sources! China which is a great economic power is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S. ....If this is done illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little by comparison cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL! It’s the Democrats fault they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends! I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!' I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice” took a 12 year old tax case among other things applied tremendous pressure on him and unlike Michael Cohen he refused to “break” - make up stories in order to get a “deal.” Such respect for a brave man! is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair) &amp; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp; said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy! My transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA A complete Witch Hunt! Slippery James Comey the worst FBI Director in history was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where by the way there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)! WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country! Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake weak on crime &amp; border! So funny the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including Servers and Emails! When we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov. A woman I don’t know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security...... The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters... Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible? My son Donald will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country! After North Korea missile launch it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands. ....Also why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary others including himself have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp; real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta Dossier? Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping! Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this! Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House with his family at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy! I am pleased to announce that effective 4/9/18 will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp; will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9. Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe! Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes tough on crime strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. Look at your 401-k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back! The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!” ..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories??? Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites! By the way if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them? Getting ready to leave for Poland after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday. The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing we know what will happen. In just a short time the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons.... So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings) to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News...... Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote or Filibuster rule - or better yet do both. Cryin’ Chuck would do it on day one but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart! Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important but SPECIAL! Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class business &amp; JOBS Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over! #StopTheBias A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good! Stock Market up 5 months in a row! With Jemele Hill at the mike it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry! NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down! I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt! Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless Germany owes..... One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. Big changes are happening! Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get! Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions so much corruption! As only one of two people left who could become President why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort (on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped) during my campaign? Should have told me! JFK Files are released long ahead of schedule! The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money! A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal! Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed. The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C. surging economy &amp; jobsborder &amp; military securityISIS &amp; MS-13 etc. “Your paycheck is bigger your pension is stronger.” Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years &amp; perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A. Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas! As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason) they will win! I LOVE the people &amp; they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time in between China Iran the Economy and much more which I must we will have a giant Red Wave! If we don’t have a wall system we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! #BuildTheWall The rigged Dem Primary one of the biggest political stories in years got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful! Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen! Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security! 5 for 5! Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late! Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election. The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years! Bad ratings &amp; got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters but the public is wise! My thoughts and prayers are with the and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S. Canada charges the U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that did they? Not fair to our farmers! Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos “you got to ask what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought! Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion No Obstruction - I just fight back! All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT! Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation to 2500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that? I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims their families and the great men and women of the National Guard. Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Councilhe will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away” said Thomas Binion of Heritage President Trump “is very active very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp; spectrum of issues.” Remember when they were saying during the campaign that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well not saying that anymore! School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all! In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. 🇺🇸🇨🇳 Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow but is anybody really surprised! Together with her lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER! Our first duty and our highest loyalty is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure our citizens are safe and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset so phony! Josh Hawley should win big and has my full endorsement. Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA but they don’t want to help..We are ready willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border they don’t want..... How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful! Witch Hunt! The Wall is the Wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be of necessity see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains wastelands or tough rivers or water..... Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty! Time to start building in our country with American workers &amp; with American iron aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to… Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt they scream Obstruction! Hillary Clinton’s Emails many of which are Classified Information got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp; DOJ or after all of their other missteps (Comey McCabe Strzok Page Ohr FISA Dirty Dossier etc.) their credibility will be forever gone! “Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No James Clapper I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal and a scandal to boot! Happy National Anthem Day! Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been and is opposed to the AT&amp;T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting! As it has turned out James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her! Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign by the people and party in absolute power for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question even with the expenditure of far more money LOST! Thank you “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?” WITCH HUNT! Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow. Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight out of mind” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal! Happy #StPatricksDay Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas a friend and great man! North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States..... Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! ....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire and now for no reason whatsoever his reputation has been shattered. Not fair Tester! WITCH HUNT! So sorry people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL! What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling but for what reason? Not looking good! Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great! Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion! Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny. We are people who cherish our values protect our civilization and recognize the image of God in every human soul. Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA! My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸➡️… Hiring manythousands of judges and going through a long and complicated legal process is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country...... The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but in the end had no game! Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster. Video: I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie! “It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.... FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees change of management and board must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing.... More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage? Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations! “John Brennan is a stain on the Country we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book “Spygate the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan and good luck with the book! South Korea is finding as I have told them that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work they only understand one thing! ....Also there is NO COLLUSION! Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING but would Peace House/Freedom House on the Border of North &amp; South Korea be a more Representative Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking! “Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.” Charles Payne How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED! 3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning let ObamaCare implode then deal. Watch! With Irma and Harvey devastation Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress go! The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs! 'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago! If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately REPEAL and then REPLACE at a later date! Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party Maxine Waters! ....your release possible and HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life! The Fake News Washington Post Amazon’s “chief lobbyist” has another (of many) phony headlines “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties Will End Barriers And Massive I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting! The states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this! ...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election! Come on Republican Senators you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down! The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration. Under our potential deal with China they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce. Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The..... Wonderful coordination between Federal State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall. Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! Just spoke to to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all! Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE! End the Democrats Obstruction! Hard to believe that the Democrats who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again! ..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China which is trying to help but with little success. Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS! Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. #G20Summit “Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney. ...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!" Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay… I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America! Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) perhaps in a near drunken state claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated? I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp; even more importantly our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China on the other hand may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not! If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal... I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning. I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American.... “We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.” Judge Ken Starr Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments! President Xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 122 vicious prisoners released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision! Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime the Stock Market hit another record high! I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she as a representative is killing the Democrat Party! Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence? Since Election Day on November 8 the Stock Market is up more than 25% unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S. We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system. Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. Today my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation more competition and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! My highly respected nominee for CIA Director Gina Haspel has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that in these very dangerous times we have the most qualified person a woman who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina! Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal! After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club Jupiter to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA! Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous low. You can thank Congress the same people that can't even give us HCare! Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow. Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea. Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't I will revisit this issue! Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military. Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS JOBS JOBS! I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it. I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! Ralph Northamwho is running for Governor of Virginiais fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie! Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago people saw his great talent and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion! Working hard thank you! 80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us which is fine with me. They do have though very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico! The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win.. Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May. Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill! It is time to rebuild OUR country to bring back OUR jobs to restore OUR dreams &amp; yes to put #AmericaFirst! TY O… When you give a crazed crying lowlife a break and give her a job at the White House I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog! Was just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success! Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years American Independence... Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come! North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen! I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. What many people don’t understand or don’t want to understand is that Wayne Chris and the folks who work so hard at the are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good). The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way totally without authorization is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary! Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country! Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right unlike OCare! ....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military at a time we need it most. Get smart MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! “This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.” John Dowd March 2018. With North Korea China the Middle East and so much more there is not much time to be thinking about this especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.” With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record) Regulation Cutting Judicial Appointments Building Military VA TAX CUTS &amp; REFORM Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news? The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW! Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign. Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life! TO ALL One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31174 people killed a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! A great First Lady! The failing was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse! FBI Agent Peter Strzok who headed the Clinton &amp; Russia investigations texted to his lover Lisa Page in the IG Report that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that! ....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department? “Bob Mueller isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier paid for by Hillary created by a man who hates Donald Trump &amp; used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion! When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government it truly puts the lives of many not just journalists at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news... Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime the Border Illegal Immigration the 2nd Amendment our great Military &amp; Vets Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement! Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up 11 year old Barron Trump! If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history! is so embarrassed by their total (100%) support of Hillary Clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they don't know what to do. Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave! Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before companies earnings are higher than ever inflation is low &amp; business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades we are protecting our workers! Gina Haspel my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA is being praised for the fact that she has been and alway will be TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s bright and glorious future! Thank you "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election." Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace! The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers John Dowd Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and..... European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also they will be buying vast amounts of LNG! America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D) who was SECRETLY on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content! Thank you Foxconn for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸 Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words they have it RIGGED for me &amp; others so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of.... JOBS JOBS JOBS! The Rigged Witch Hunt headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added one who worked directly for Obama W.H.) seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 Election never ends! #AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue Obama was President up to and beyond the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling? China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move we'll see what happens! Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S. I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers. President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving ISIS OCare etc. Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful! Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State! Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children! Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier! GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun! ..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis) not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again! The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country! power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you the American People. #InaugurationDay Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt! did a spectacular job hosting the President of France and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did. The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame! The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace not Death! Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination! The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can&amp; did! With the great vote on Cutting Taxes this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU! Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it! Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking “I can die happy now with Trump Job performance” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President stunning!” Thank you Mary. Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary? THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma Arizona &amp; around the United States! SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history! Was with great people last night in Fort Myer Virginia. The future of our country is strong! A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about! I am in Milwaukee Wisconsin for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15000 Jobs so great! Thank you Helsinki Finland! DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders hence drugs and crime! When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp; those who worked for President O) reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems Justice FBI &amp; Russia? As has been stated by numerous legal scholars I have the absolute right to PARDON myself but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime the never ending Witch Hunt led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp; others) continues into the mid-terms! I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country. Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati in the GREAT STATE of OHIO to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure! Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book “Liars Leakers and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!” So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come! I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%! Tomorrow families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do we will think of the men &amp; women serving overseas at this very moment far away from their families protecting America - &amp; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political! Congratulations to and on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of “Justice” and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged a Scam! A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move watch it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before! America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back! The Trump base is far bigger &amp; stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn Iowa Ohio....... Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave! Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years! HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD STRONG and FREE! Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox Hundreds of good people including very important Ambassadors and Judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history! Australia New Zealand and more. I am always available to them. is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me. The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue! Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly mistake! Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: People the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but I am calling it what we need and what it is a TRAVEL BAN! ....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years! We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.… Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL! Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected! ObamaCare premiums are going up up up just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts! North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment! Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election. The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great! The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up phony crime.There is no O it’s called Fighting Back Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA! ...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed..... ...the Uranium to Russia deal the 33000 plus deleted Emails the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia.... Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats lead by their fearless leader Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate? The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next she was a bad candidate! ...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation use Nuclear Option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress our country is being stolen! We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which if it does happen will likely remain in Singapore on the same date June 12th. and if necessary will be extended beyond that date. Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the… Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS. I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation! of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS he should be fired. Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families no missiles shot no research happening sites closing... Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama helping to further grow our economy! ...does not include the Fake Washington Post which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now! Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change. Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign for president. It took place very early on and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal! Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before. Need more Republicans! Big day for healthcare. Working hard! Heading back to Washington D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security! As ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change Great news. We are only just beginning. Together we are going to #MAGA! If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand! Leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing (and others) must apologize! Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA fully secures the border ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. If D’s oppose this deal they aren’t serious about DACA-they just want open borders. Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending and to what end? No more. The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp; Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose! Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor! Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately DACA not included in this Bill negotiations to start now! Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt. Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington D.C. with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters! WELCOME HOME JOSH! Great numbers on the economy. All of our work including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders now kicking in! North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help! So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S. RUSH LIMBAUGH “If the FBI was so concerned and if they weren’t targeting Trump they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax) then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.” Will be going to Detroit Michigan (love) today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening! ....the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews and did. We will continue to WIN! On behalf of the American People CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end the press was startled &amp; amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what who cares! Today I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU… Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America Israel and around the world. #ChagSameach Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax! I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter! LAWFARE: "Remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision! “At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.” Wall Street Journal The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem! House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed Tax Cuts. House Republicans don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN! Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia Russian speech.... We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities again and again! To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You're welcome go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made..... ...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election? ...massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new S.C.Justice and Infrastructure Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works! Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them) is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp; Crooked-USED! NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system! NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling why no action? Focus on them not T! ...way up. Regulations way down. 600000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels! Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs.... In 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the Roosevelt Room.Today we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton! When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees! Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs I wonder what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off? Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness! Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book “Liars Leakers and Liberals the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy” which is fantastic. Go get it! The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and of course the historically low unemployment numbers especially for African Americans Hispanics Asians and Women. I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said. Russia U.K. China Saudi Arabia Japan ...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney. When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris! A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you and please look at the previous administrations record - not good! I would like to congratulate on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES! Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt! The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp; discredited Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC.... Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal. We must do better! “GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” Good luck with that request! Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out! Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas while our people are far more vulnerable as we wait for what should be EASY D! When will people start saying “thank you Mr. President for firing James Comey?” Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News &amp; What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers a lot would now be able to Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced the Times has been Fake News and with their disgusting new Board Member it will only get worse! Just announced youth unemployment is at a 50 year low! During Small Business Week we celebrate the great hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business! Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary? When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN you can’t lose! A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake most showed great warmth and friendship. Everybody is with Tomi Lahren a truly outstanding and respected young woman! After having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized! Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security! Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Dec! So why aren't the Committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered A.G. looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations? The globalist Koch Brothers who have become a total joke in real Republican circles are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Judicial picks &amp; more. I made..... Remember Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons) and they did. I also predicted “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018 very well! The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected ....On top of it all Germany just started paying Russia the country they want protection from Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment and that must ultimately go to 4%! The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost! How can the Democrats who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security while the Democrats are more interested in ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement! Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) has done a long &amp; boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp; me so now they are looking at the rest of the World! Wow the highest rated (by far) morning show is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them? The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs...... Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it Russia the FBI or the Dems (or all)? Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to...... There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries you have waited long enough! Working in Bedminster N.J. as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls! Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever). Network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked. Not fair to public! Tainted (no very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge. Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S. my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is! 'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news ....Remember it was Little Jeff Z and his people who are told exactly what to say who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over &amp; over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting! People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp; contentious business relationship I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp; Comey is his close friend.. Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems.. Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans. Wow Strzok-Page the incompetent &amp; corrupt FBI lovers have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff! Thank you very kind! Last night it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started influenced and worked on for an extended period of time by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear! Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9000 people and at least 10000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to who is loved and respected in Minnesota! Iran the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good! The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2 3 4 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? ..... Lisa Page who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover Peter S) and attorney Baker are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business! So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate! Wacky Omarosa who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice now got fired for the last time. She never made it never will. She begged me for a job tears in her eyes I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard.... Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum I am ending both. Thank you all! As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Democrats and Russians! I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this! Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families and our great ...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia including Podesta Company Uranium deal Russian Reset big dollar speeches etc. Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News. ..under a magnifying glass they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology! Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely! ....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp; we are raising rates - Really? If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December as reported by the Failing New York Times I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper! Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is like so many others the sources probably don’t exist they are fabricated fiction! NBC my former home with the Apprentice is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad! All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction China. But in the end if we are smart tough and well prepared we will get along with everyone! Wow President Obama's brother Malik just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else! I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others. Chuck Schumer I agree! will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 Back in D.C. big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country. Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL! So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved much bigger but not Sinclair. Disgraceful! The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago. The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! Iran and it’s economy is going very bad and fast! I will meet or not meet it doesn’t matter - it is up to them! Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp; its great companies and workers by the European Union if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here! Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all. Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias lying and hate by the investigators people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election! Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also jobs numbers are starting to look very good! Thank you to the great men and women of the United States for a job well done! Thank you the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! The race for DNC Chairman was of course totally "rigged." Bernie's guy like Bernie himself never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez! Thank you to Sue Kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge for your kind words while on We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain! “John Brennan no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar he’s a liar about being a liar.” Dan Bongino on Tom Homan fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp; public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents and I respect them all but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp; President Trump that’s just a stone cold fact!” The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged! The sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it? We are TRYING to fight ISIS and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people Spies (Informants) into my campaign! Surveillance much? John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down! Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium? ....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan Bob Dole &amp; many others over the years) but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him and he wouldn’t have been hired! “The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller already Number One! More importantly it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett! Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help! Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man but we are cutting back on Turkey! Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer! Six months after our TAX CUTS more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses pay raises and retirement account contributions.#TaxCutsandJobsAct Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute! The Fake News Networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN NBC ABC &amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction! My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy such a great loss. May God be with you all! .....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee I wonder if they helped him make the choice! Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington at the shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right! General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News “Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through.... ...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to Germany! The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for U.S.A. I will be speaking to my friend President Xi of China this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade where good things will happen and North Korea where relationships and trust are building. Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years by many countries on trade. I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win! Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success. Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all Americans at risk. Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First....... Great photo from Ocean City Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! .....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT” and they must leave just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this! Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal! So to all Americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to ...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff In Nashville Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States. Collusion is not a crime but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)! Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors! “The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list. Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN On behalf of Melania and myself thank you Poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱#ICYMI watch here➡️ #POTUSinPoland Wow FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many.. I will be making a major statement from the upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set. China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon! The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site. “People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire! It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam! Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry good move for the safety of our Country! California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire spreading! Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake who is WEAK on borders crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic! THANK YOU ASIA! #USA🇺🇸 The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to Repeal and Replace. Next Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN! ...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying. The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you! Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. Crazy Maxine Waters said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics is rapidly becoming together with Nancy Pelosi the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving even referring to herself as a wounded animal will make people flee the Democrats! Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made including on Afghanistan. Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)! Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening! Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House! E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane. Congratulations to Kristian Saucier a man who has served proudly in the Navy on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve! The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey his minions and sadly the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader by far in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back! Great reporting by and so many others. Thank you! Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018 Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th… Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day great people! Ainsley Earnhardt a truly great person just wrote a wonderful book “The Light Within Me” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one! America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American… Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS NO LOANS NO NOTHING! I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings calls and hopefully some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin. Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so.... I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA ...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong... Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard! Thank you to the great perhaps the greatest running back of all time for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it! But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country! .And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape? Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems they are running for the hills! Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda! While Washington Michigan was a big success Washington D.C. just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” should host next year! ...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders who got duped! Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers! ...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story Maggie Haberman a Hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access. As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now we are just days away... Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada🇨🇦and th… The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use at a fraction of real cost as their “delivery boy” for a BIG percentage of their packages.... .....They can help solve problems with North Korea Syria Ukraine ISIS Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH! CHANGE THE LAWS! U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on &amp; Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel! Remember the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a “Trumper” and he lost. Good Republican candidates will win BIG! ....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems. Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt so bad for our country - a total The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea! The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard! James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine? ...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY! So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking really nice to see! The failing writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke! Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home! North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. Bad! ...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job! I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain a longtime U.S. ally is very special! ...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade! These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act! I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place blew up launch sites. Hostages already back hero remains coming home &amp; much more! Today it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their... The Dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign one of the most successful in history is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was along with Comey McCabe Strzok and his lover the lovely Lisa Page used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful! Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election #GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it. Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville Tennessee tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun! LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015 “Arrests of MS-13 Members Associates Up 83% Under Trump” West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond GDP at 3% wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night. Pastor Andrew Brunson a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs! WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow 69-30 those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win! HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Melania! Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made) then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea &amp; the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt! Major rescue operations underway! Welcome to the Prime Minister is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. Really bad television! Sen.Richard Blumenthal who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie)now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him? Ohio vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent controlled by Nancy Pelosi is weak on Crime the Border Military Vets your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA Happy #FlagDay🇺🇸 The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT! Happy #Hanukkah You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart” without getting Dem votes. Problem is they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything! “45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks don’t Obstruct and Resist but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way WIN ELECTIONS! I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp; Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp; make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement! Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA Health Insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall! Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action not words! Many owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field or better. If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole I will terminate deal. Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A. As I have always said let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned! Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain Cindy and their entire family. Get well soon. I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)! The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform. What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell the public has the right to know. Transparency! Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL! All across this nation we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! Why was the FBI’s sick loser Peter Strzok working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp; Conflicted Democrats when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover lawyer Lisa Page that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt! Russians are playing and for such fools - funny to watch they don't have a clue! totally gets it! Today Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country! Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of Alex Azar! Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him....... President Xi of China and I are working together to give massive Chinese phone company ZTE a way to get back into business fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done! ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators! Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els and had a great time. Japan is very well represented! ...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign or campaign contributions played no roll in this transaction. The Failing quotes “a senior White House official” who doesn’t exist as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated holding it on June 12 would be impossible given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people not phony sources. Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does! "46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administration." It is actually much worse than this! The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well great support. With just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well! Congress must pass smart fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people with or without children enter our Country they must be told to leave without our........ After my tour of Asia all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly! Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed! Thank you to for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.reg cuttingStock M jobsborder etc. = TRUE! United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K. The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded Chain &amp; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime..... To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly. Congratulations to our new CIA Director Gina Haspel! I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion..... I heard poorly rated speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika along with Psycho Joe came.. Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier ...design or negotiations yet. When I do just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program price will come WAY DOWN! Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon! This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE &amp; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST! After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also) Crooked Hillary now criticizes. 2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up have no answer = resist! Watched low rated for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea this should have been fixed years ago not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA! Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children grandchildren great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. Today it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! ...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS! Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed! Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it. Bob Corker who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee is now fighting Tax Cuts.... ...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice!” So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz. JOBS JOBS Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H.... The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad but we will get it done anyway! Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth! There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp; prosperity for his citizens! For the first time since Roe v. Wade America has a Pro-Life President a Pro-Life Vice President a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! .....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race! The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare! Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party which includes the Fake News is complaining. If not for me we would now be at War with North Korea! We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct “FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” Big News but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly too big a story! Today it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the with State and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe and we will deliver! ...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit The Failing and Corrupt estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me and never did! The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes why wouldn’t we win? Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%! The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL! I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders not Crooked H without cheating I was right. Fake News reporting a complete fabrication that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son Donald had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it! I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while! My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House. A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs and I believe will be getting even better! We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved! While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea it has not worked out. At least I know China tried! France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed especially at borders! Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking &amp; many other negative things will be guarded.. Thank you Indiana! Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts..... The🇺🇸has great strength &amp; patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety… 'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10000 people in 10 My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan! ...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign? Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends! “....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp; DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell Judicial Watch. I have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb my Special Counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process. I will be interviewed on at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. China is targeting our farmers who they know I love &amp; respect as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year. Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall. ...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER! Getting rdy to leave for France the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI. ....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies the firings the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace! The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers. We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficultmay have to terminate? The local politicians who run Washington D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead... Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results! After two days of very productive talks Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L General James "Mad Dog" Mattis who is being considered for Secretary of Defense was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General! Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen! A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018 I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many many decades... Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November! ....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought? Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential! I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss! In times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. The soon to be released book “The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump” written by Gregg Jarrett looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks. Does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? Really!..... Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well and moving back to America and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years. So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John. Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City Illinois only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion... ....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides there was NO COLLUSION with Russia except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems! “FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal improper goals trying to influence the Election. He should never ever been allowed to........ Our Country was built on Tariffs and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer! Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year at my request but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable! Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight! With Spies or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not) all over my campaign even from a very early date why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem? Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before! Loved being on this morning. Great show! While we are on the subject it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned” and that... Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts with his 17 Angry Democrats without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou so true! Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB. A big win for the Consumer! Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president! Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall. The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.” This is the best number in the Association’s history! Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct no ideas. Vote "R" What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look? How much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business? So funny to watch Fake News Networks among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC which is a total joke. Don't worry getting rid of state lines which will promote competition will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also Canada must.. It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES our COUNTRY &amp; OUR FREEDOM! Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails? What a mess! Today it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve! Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.… Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit! KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually they want to raise you taxes substantially. Also they want to do nothing on DACA R’s want to fix! Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber &amp; Lumber in U.S.? Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful be safe! #FEMA ....we need to keep America safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is merit-based. #NeverForget Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns. ...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy??? ..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated much by the Obama Administration while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum we will make much better Trade Deals for our country! We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates... Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico Canada China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers and other businesses will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer! I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for! When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22000000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and...... Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to State Law. Armed guards OK deterrent!....... Today our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay🇺🇸 As I head out to a very important NATO meeting I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp; is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor keep your plan? NASA which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force! I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem! Failing which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H. Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast! Sleazy Adam Schiff the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse! The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done! I feel sure that my friend will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster! So true Wayne and Lowest black unemployment in history! Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember Dems are High Tax High Crime easy to beat! The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion weak on Crime Military and Illegal Immigration Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE! Whether we are Republican or Democrat we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks! The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true just another hit job! We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students families teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School – we are with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever... Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp; Financial Success with low taxes unparalleled innovation fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M. The White House with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL no escaping to Locker Rooms! I will be going the Columbia South Carolina on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard &amp; was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating! Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority which the Dems would do they are just wasting time! I am in Brussels but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open... America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico which has a massive crime problem is doing little to help! The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even...... Despite the Aluminum Tariffs Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs Jobs Jobs! Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins! JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 ....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and if countries are still unwilling to negotiate they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way...... Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists...... Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws and with Democrats thinking... All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not mine! Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him! Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years. Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media! I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others from the beginning of my administration to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community..... Tonight it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS ...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp; nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out if possible because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired! Dems are taking forever to approve my people including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals. The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15000000000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track. The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry we are in very good shape! The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans! Thank you West Virginia. I love you! I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him! Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people..... FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony... The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred! So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile if that were me it would have been front page news! “We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate or his campaign under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress! ...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected..... ....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp; his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse! Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential and trade deals are coming along well. ....and the DOJ FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump..... Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare we need Tax Cuts/Reform we need people that can get the job done! Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back! Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! Will Bruce Ohr whose family received big money for helping to create the phony dirty and discredited Dossier ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions “Justice” Department? A total joke! We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. We love our VETS! Great job First Lady Melania! CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut! Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist! Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America! Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow! #CHANGETHELAWS Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security. Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day! Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support! 72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA IRAQ SOMALIA IRAN SUDAN LIBYA &amp; YEMEN Big day at the United Nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M. I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord Thursday at 3:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no! Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world they loved their families. They inspired their communities... Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP! We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare! Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH! Information is being illegally given to the failing &amp; by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort! Thank you Nashville Tennessee! America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek… Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania and all over the Country and Congressman Lou Barletta who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania is really helping! Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and according to most reports refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted is Rigged! Big crowd expected today in Pensacola Florida for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there! So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country! China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years! In America we don't worship government - we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)! The Fake Media is working overtime today! Why is it that the Wall Street Journal though well meaning never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are and will be pouring into U.S. coffers? Today on Earth Day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation. Word is that Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at &amp; because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!' Anybody (especially Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party! James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI. We will confront ANY challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal. The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange! Today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea China and the Middle East. Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders &amp; great optimism! "Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." Thank you to for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me and to everyone who loves our Country! I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them they only have their hatred &amp; agenda. This includes fake books which come out about me all the time always anonymous sources and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People! Had a very good phone call with President of France. Discussed various subjects in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A. Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ… “Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” FoxNews He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN. So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ #LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy! Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me. “The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp; corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” DOJ Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%. Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! and Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry! ...2nd Amendment Strong Military ISIS historic VA improvement Supreme Court Justice Record Stock Market lowest unemployment in 17 yrs! Many ideas some good &amp; some not so good emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment! "Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney Jobs are starting to roarwatch! Bill DeBlasio the high taxing Mayor of NYC just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal! The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that we play the game because I unlike the Democrats have done nothing wrong! Honduras Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders drugs and crime! Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration! Thr coverage about me in the and the gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its..... Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement" I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke. The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here in our country some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win even if it does save potentially millions &amp; millions of lives! Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse FBI Comey Lynch McCabe Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD! It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect Crooked Hillary! One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison in his fight to lead the DNC is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win! Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see! Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and.. Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough smart &amp; vigilant? “The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility. We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada a very good guy doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating) but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know! GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon! "Trump approval rebounds to 45% surges among Hispanics union homes men" Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience and congrats to Army! The state of Virginia economy under Democrat rule has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back! During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look! Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp; waste money! ....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only so reported...doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative. Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie! The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated Dems and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon. Jobs Jobs Jobs! Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November! Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued. The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation that number.. President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States! Again the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election. 'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3 2017 as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas If schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent! President you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet “We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ... With ZERO Democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy the Republican Senators are working hard! Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES… Today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the Heading to Helsinki Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately no matter how well I do at the Summit if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia... Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea at this time because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula... ...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals massive regulation cuts energy freedom pipelines border security.... For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama got stronger and stronger picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia! ....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history! This is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola Florida! Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill. ...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER and were rejected still don't.... The Democrats have a death wish in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE! A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way... Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend #Canada150 For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - No action! Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names.... I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson MD as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs.... Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations Japan who has hit us hard on trade for years! Funny how the Fake News in a coordinated effort with each other likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I “met.” That’s because that’s all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world &amp; more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains! “The FBI closed the case on Hillary which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and.... I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD! We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return! Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job! “Everyone knows there was a Spy and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway The Federalist Senior Editor But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story! I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch: #RAISEAct Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day! The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7 THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald! The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion! Spoke to PM of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of Australia! Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship! “Special Council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because..... Departing for Texas and Louisiana with Melania right now We will see you soon. America is with you! The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved fast and easy. Dems would do it no doubt! Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong. Happy 243rd Birthday to the Thank you for your bravery sacrifices and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you! Now that I am back from Singapore where we had a great result with respect to North Korea the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime. I ask Senator Chuck Schumer why didn’t President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said Chuck &amp; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade plus with China will happen! ...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER! A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will Sean Spicer has written a great new book “The Briefing: Politics the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good go get it! will only get higher. Car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again. WIN! Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City State and Federal Govs. working great together! have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President Russia will respect us far more than they do now and.... Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary! When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story? Today it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico Virginia. I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you! With the #RightToTry Law I signed today patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S. “President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.” How could Jeff Flake who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue) think about running for office even a lower one again? Let’s face it he’s a Flake! The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday. I will be interviewed on tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made. Nobody could have done what I’ve done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S. for many years. Stay tuned! July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading! The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change and other than the vast military power of the United States that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job! Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress! Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake! Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam! Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and #PearlHarbor. Remember the day I’ll never forget. I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just look at the facts. Total Fake News! Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp; the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons &amp; because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s! It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the today! How does a politician Cuomo known for pushing people and businesses out of his state not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S. survive making the statement WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse? I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} We’re getting close! Now how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts? New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases. “Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal....... Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes! James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time. So sad! Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene… Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down! Just spoke to to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from This is a true tragedy! Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night. He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement! “Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats’ disgust” Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA "Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness! What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you! “Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great... Just landed in Paris France with Melania. To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime Borders &amp; 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement! ...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice! Hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task! The failing story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also I have spoken to many foreign leaders. Only fools or worse are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE and this will be changed. Also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field! House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign &amp; Russia. (2) The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts. James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸 Many countries in NATO which we are expected to defend are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low) but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.? Thank you to KenStarr former Independent Counsel Whitewater for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen we come out even better! ...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism. Thank you Cleveland Ohio! Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S. hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until Congress changes our immigration laws! ...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and more importantly for the USA! put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house many people unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining.... “Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” So what else is new. He is a total phony! Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe and loses Big on Trade! We pause today to remember the 2403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels Belgium... As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working Americans. If you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! Despite major outside money FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help! Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama but now that I am involved he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel Chuck! I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought but I have not gotten involved in the..... Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR! The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad! I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world Rex Tillerson Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil to be Secretary of State. We salute our great American flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018 Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington! The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie! mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk talk talk - no action or results. Sad! The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people! on “Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes the Dirty Dossier paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump and looking for information that could discredit Candidate #1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign...” ILLEGAL! Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers! I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)! This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital but the program needs work &amp; is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately! Kris Kobach a strong and early supporter of mine is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas. He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp; total Endorsement! Strong on Crime Border &amp; Military. VOTE TUESDAY! “Very concerned about Comey’s firing afraid they will be exposed” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp; discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt! CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration! ...And it will get as I have always said much better from even here! Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices maybe substantially on prescription drugs. Surprised that Harley-Davidson of all companies would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U. which has hurt us badly on trade down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient! #MAGA Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out! Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18 I will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! ...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair...... China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages! Troy Balderson running for Congress from Ohio is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi who is weak on Crime Borders &amp; your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday! The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon! There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead? The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia... CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! The Chinese Envoy who just returned from North Korea seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch. Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws..... Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger. ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves! Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning. AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York and my many friends on Staten Island have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations! “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.” Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry! On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS GROWTH for our country tearing down TRADE BARRIERS JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit! ..."collusion" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics but the R's... Together we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel #MS13 and many other gangs...'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea. Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! James Comey’s Memos are Classified I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore he broke the law! Additionally he totally made up many of the things he said I said and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton Lynch &amp; others? Thank you Louisville Kentucky. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! Which is worse Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement... Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd! Thank you Adam Levine The Federalist in interview on “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.” Today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13 and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: Jobless claims at a 49 year low! ....doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back) so now they do the Unthinkable and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD! the great Governor of Arkansas is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes border security and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor! Thank you North Dakota. Together we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA I am landing shortly. Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to.. Departing Pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! ....Schneiderman who ran the Clinton campaign in New York never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace and his disciples brought it when we would not settle. Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. WELCOME HOME AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship. Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp; total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary! “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are a year and a half later.” I will be interviewed by tonight at 10 o'clock on Will be my first interview from the White House.… Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts! Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN! "The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. ...hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry but only one thing will work! ...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job! The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all! LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime Life Border Vets Guns &amp; Military. VOTE ROY MOORE! It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to the today! “This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job! ...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions! Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down which I hope will not happen! If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE! ....agencies not just the FBI &amp; DOJ now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on The Economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going! It is time to take care of OUR people to rebuild OUR NATION and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA🇺🇸 Prime Minister of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades! “Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.” David Asman Really bad stuff! It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston to the #HoustonStrong ....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform) which will be the biggest in the history of our country! The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily) is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him! Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform! In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop quarterly reporting &amp; go to a six month system” said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp; save money. I have asked the SEC to study! "The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters....." Thank you! Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp; how that Fake News has morphed into phrase “Enemy of the People.” Sad! #CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️ Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel only with my approval for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone.... PROMISES KEPT! I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace. Today the House votes on two crucial bills:☑️#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct ☑️#KatesLaw ☑️Pass these bills &amp; lets… A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy! The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies! Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp; his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this... Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time? .....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.” Tom Fitton A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now! I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court! just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate he will beat the Open Borders weak on Crime Democrat Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again! Today we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler’s Rest... ...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX! Chris Farrell Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system... We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans. Today we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend and true AMERICAN HERO Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal Consumer Confidence Index just out is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great! Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made. Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform we'll really see some great results! Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S. always to our detriment. I say as they comeTax them. If they don’t want to be taxed let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event it means jobs and great wealth..... Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals. Thank you Florida. I love ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM! Today in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace. Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election! Just took off for ceremony Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan SKorea China Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down! It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! Reports by that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency even part time are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS! Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA🇺🇸 Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this ...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point it will heal! Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday. I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision....... ....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp; DOJ with Crooked Hillary the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation! Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia against all odds and having Patrick a real fighter by my side would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!! Today on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay ....them richer. Their network is highly overrated I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed I’m for America First &amp; the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again! Remember when the failing apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse! Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A. “Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A. It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago ⚾️ to the this afternoon.… Finally held our first full meeting today. With this great team we can restore American prosperity and br… JOBS JOBS JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together we are making the economy great again! Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations! While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace the meeting with Russia may prove to be in the long run an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting.. Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down they will be thanking me! ....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me they will talk to her. Fake News! I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the We will never fail and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you and God Bless America! ....“$17 million spent it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers who actually represented Clinton people (&amp; gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino ...conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion? Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY! GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola! Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses." We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! ....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier he denies knowledge of the Dossier he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier which.... We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit and more. Kim Young Chol the Vice Chairman of North Korea heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter thank you! Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative but they know it is not true! ...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy! Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor and has my full endorsement a special guy. Vote on Tuesday! ...big dollars ($700000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp! Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually far greater than would ever have been believed! A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations! Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it! After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare Republican Senators must come through as they have promised! Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss) by media &amp; Dems of historic proportion! Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public! Welcome to the United States Benjamin &amp; Sara!#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference: Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff Tim Kaine who is weak on crime and borders and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey a major chance of winning! “We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.” Neil Irwin of the Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia. It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. Yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes Busy day planned. Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT! Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement but things such as this make safety in America difficult! THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! “President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll.” Via: Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN ABC NBC CBS NYTIMES &amp; WAPO the Trump base is getting stronger! Jeff Flake with an 18% approval rating in Arizona said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really they just gave me a standing O! Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people! “Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” Of course not because there is none and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia! “Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008” The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy! ...Border Security is National Security and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America! Before I or anyone saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to So serious! Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually we will always be trying to DTS. “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16 2018 as Religious Freedom Day” This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk Va. Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate! Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran… Fake made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction made up to demean. NBC = CNN! It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN! “They were all in on it clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on If we had a real Attorney General this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people. Looking at Air Force One MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people! ...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly! “Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” Oh well so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low it’s FAKE NEWS! The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! Chris Cuomo in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS! “90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it ...people not interviewed including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept? I've been saying it for a long long time. #NoKo is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it which is really all that matters! Not #1 From "Bombshell: In 2016 Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election." Check out his statement - Witch Hunt! It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective! ...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country! The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this! Will be interviewed by on at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy! I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Will be heading to one of my favorite places South Carolina to fight for one of my original “fighters” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M. Today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law delivering my campaign promise… When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end? A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Postthis time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks like Comey's must stop! More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan adding 2500 new jobs and paying $2000 bonus to U.S. employees! Thank you for your support. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA🇺🇸 Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism I don't want congrats I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart! No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.) media will kill! Today we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today! Tomorrow the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers! Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck. On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.” Report After strict consultation with General Kelly the CIA and other Agencies I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and... The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office they must do much more. Germany is at 1% the U.S. is at 4% and NATO benefits....... I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women Few if any Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed regulations killed border military ISIS SC! Will be interviewed on tonight at 9pmE and tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy! Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time...... Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by "Spied on before nomination." The real story. Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people... I thought that would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however since election they are worse! We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice! Go Republican Senators Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare! Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader Yale and then Harvard Law who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER! Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries! FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!! General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax! Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. #USSGeraldRFord Great news! #MAGA The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again WRONG! "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation" Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin of Israel - in Davos Switzerland! #WEF18 DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall. What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes Great book just out "A Place Called Heaven" by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man! Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country! Epic crowd in Moon Township Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled. Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th. Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid...... All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history" Thank you Lou! Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement! a brilliant lawyer who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book... Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi! The ABC/Washington Post Poll even though almost 40% is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time! Thank you Duluth Minnesota. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely… speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true a total Fake! #USA🇺🇸 #Japan🇯🇵 It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working. The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and#PoliceWeek Proclamation: I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster N.J. ...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails Uranium Podesta the Server plus plus... Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens! You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs. Will be speaking with Italy this morning! When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server? It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued.... Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes but who knows? Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made! Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ Th… The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to S.C. Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out! “House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others? I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. Melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops. It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media. Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right! The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi who are weak on Crime and Border security will be forced to do a real deal so easy that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime! Thank you for the wonderful welcome #Davos2018 Thank you to FEMA our great Military &amp; all First Responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday! I was thrilled to be back Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day and you've earned it.… The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in America.” It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals) doesn’t build the wall expands chain migration keeps the visa... I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years? Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam! The Budget passed late last night 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against..... #MadeInAmerica Showcase! Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation Andrew McCabe got $700000 from H for wife! Thank you Ohio! Together we made history – and now the real work begins. America will start winning again!… While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets:… ....proliferation cyber attacks trade Ukraine Middle East peace North Korea and more. There are many answers some easy and some hard to these problems...but they can ALL be solved! To the Class of 2018 I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS you are WARRIORS you are FIGHTERS you are CHAMPIONS and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.! It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory! Just watched - So biased inaccurate and bad point after point. Just can't get much worse although is right up there! Wow Twitter Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media! Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A. Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or CFPB has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life! The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME! Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller who is doing a really good job could run for Senate unopposed! Looking back on history who was treated worse Alfonse Capone legendary mob boss killer and “Public Enemy Number One” or Paul Manafort political operative &amp; Reagan/Dole darling now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion? Republican Senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn! #2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE &amp; CHERISH your country! Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement. Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana! Thank you #USA Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax High Crime Nancy Pelosi. Going to CPAC! ...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good. James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up phony facts.Too bad! ...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S. with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO! ....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation raised or recieved millions more ALL of which is given to charity and media won't report! If our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral! Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know? The failing wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide...... Mr. Cohen an attorney received a monthly retainer not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign from which he entered into through reimbursement a private contract between two parties known as a non-disclosure agreement or NDA. These agreements are..... That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (&amp; Barriers)! ...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember! We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to Mitch McConnell and Chairman for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! Fake News of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of! Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea Military and Trade. Good things will happen! As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it! ...And according to Polls would do even better today! Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them! Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst I agree getting Tax Cuts approved is important (we will also get HealthCare) but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first..... Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. Such a beautiful map thank you! ...Based on that the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us! “Charges Deal Don A Big Win” written by Michael Goodwin of the succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.” Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States! #MemorialDay🇺🇸 The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens... Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers! JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA “Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment...... Congratulations to on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp; Borders big on Cutting Taxes! The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down! It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad! Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General Budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered! …Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted! So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on? We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain and their families. “A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.” Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered Today it was my honor to join the great men and women of and at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling Virginia. Fact sheet: My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and that's what they are - they're extremist open border Democrats.... Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close! Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act! Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is a registered lobbyist? Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo that Trump was absolutely justified unquestionably justified in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.” Witch Hunt! ....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed! Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime Borders and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday! Interview with on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy! Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP! Alan Dershowitz Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true! Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting! MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Sen. Jeff Flake(y) who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.” I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better! We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America. who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate successful businessman and a African American leader... Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the members of the U.S. Military and their families. Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime the Border &amp; loves our Military Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes. Republicans sorry but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years didn't happen! Even worse the Senate Filibuster Rule will.... A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech! Well we all did it together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record! 'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again? As promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows! Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost! ...things up better than ever before but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers and will win! Congratulations to on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book “The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt! Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system... Big day in Washington D.C. even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers! The hatred and extreme bias of me by has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually as I have always said this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job his ratings suck &amp; AT&amp;T should fire him to save credibility! Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! Democrat Jon Ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district. China the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual not a level playing field... ....a law firm eventually Kremlin connected sources to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia but only with Hillary and the Democrats and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on Looking forward to the new IG Report! GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via Nick Adams "Retaking America" "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever." ....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date &amp; go to the Paris parade celebrating the end of the War on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters! Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal! This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA🇺🇸 Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT! Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp; great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing! about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here &amp; when people make mistakes they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize Congratulations! 'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' ....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart! Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime the Border the 2nd Amendment and he loves our Military and Vets. has my full and total endorsement! British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details! ....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation Bribery Statute Violation Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......” Gregg Jarrett. So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers! “WHAT HAPPENED”“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on WE KNOW! Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville North Carolina! See you… Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS America is open for business and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses! Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together! Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk pen in hand! Today it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the Full ceremony: The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO! Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work! We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand. Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major and he did it not only with his powerful game but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories including Majors ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done! Happy to announce I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices! Earlier today Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the Just returned to Bedminster NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security the Border and the Military! #MAGA🇺🇸 ...extremism and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more JOBS! Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts. I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed.. Today I announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party! States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores! Real is doing great Fake News CNN is dead! Things are looking great for Karen H! The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well there was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally..... both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD! The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever! The Mayor of San Juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump. The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! The story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA! Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy and create many beautiful JOBS! "After 14 years U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." My great honor! Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the today! ...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST! “The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.” Chris Swecker former FBI Assistant Director. Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the #HonorThem🇺🇸Remarks: Wow got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest! Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this &amp; when our Trade Deals are made &amp; cost cutting done you haven’t seen anything yet! If we want to renew our PROSPERITY restore OPPORTUNITY &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars (6 trillion) to be there in the first place! Congratulations to #TeamUSA🇺🇸🏆on your great victory! What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#Charlottesville Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning. Thank you to Bob Woodward who said "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)... Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE! “According to the Center for Immigration Studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...” When Americans are free to thrive innovate &amp; prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large &amp; no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard dream big &amp; who never ever give up... General Keith Kellogg who I have known for a long time is very much in play for NSA - as are three others. While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me I still respect them all! “Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to and for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set. After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018 from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristAl-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security ... Supreme Court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change! ....China which is for the first time doing poorly against us is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning but must be strong! Two great people! Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out! Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA The Manufacturing Index rose to 59% the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better! The Fake News is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know General John Kelly by saying he will soon be..... Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to… Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the now lots of work to be done! “He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” on Show “Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China the coming North Korea meeting and of course the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!… ....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process! ...money to Bill the Hillary Russian "reset" praise of Russia by Hillary or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA! Great news! #MAGA Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race but congratulations to Brian! It was my honor. THANK YOU! Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator! Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without... I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken big premiums. Who knows! As usual the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it) but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts! Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: "President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9 2017 as #ColumbusDay" Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed! I watched parts of Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us? Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits under the guise of ObamaCare is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart &amp; deal! Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there! #NationalDayOfPrayer "groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media! The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1! Today it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets caregivers and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day! I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill either GOODLATTE 1 or 2 because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov. NATO countries must pay MORE the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair! I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard). First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court! ....We had Repeal &amp; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp; Right to Try! Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched! AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! The biggest story yesterday the one that has the Dems in a dither is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is.... The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp; Disgusting News to create ill will! My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++! It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform ...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job. Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states! Great and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! Wow even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the yesterday. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West Florida. Thank you! I cancelled today's meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax? “Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June for instance the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6% its lowest level ever from 4.9% in May.” MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS JOBS JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting. Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ now. Thank you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial: Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example the failing New York Times... Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate! So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding... ...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward! Today I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded! Thank you West Virginia! All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! VOTE FOR RON! “On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military est the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles..” Such a wonderful statement from the great "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history." Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends! ...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida….Strong on Crime Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement! INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!" We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready willing and able. Yes it is true - Carlos Slim the great businessman from Mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. We met HE IS A GREAT GUY! A message to my fellow Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands to the Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it. #MAGA Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA GROW in AMERICA and HIRE in AMERICA! I will also be going to a wonderful state Missouri that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S! Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. “The Faith of Donald Trump” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb is a very interesting read. Enjoy! After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles bad healthcare) this is finally your chance for a great plan! Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special! Today it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate? I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics! JOBS JOBS JOBS! Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you! ...long he doesn't know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero.. Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp; many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs! Heading to Dubuque Iowa and then Granite City Illinois. Looking forward to being with many great friends! to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan! Just out but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. Israel Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope then #G7 and #NATO. “There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” ..... Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan a truly fine gentleman! The journey to #MAGA began 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018! ....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK! ...over the years I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems... you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans! Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as Chief of Staff! Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense! Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! As a candidate I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect American workers and defend our national security. Today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy! “The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2 powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova former US Attorney MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs. As President of the United States of America I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸#UNGAFull remarks: The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed but nobody ever asked! Yesterday I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners! ....chief law enforcement officer and they told me later ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions why didn’t you tell me before I picked you..... It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President Director Clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump. Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete) heavily tax our products going into.. Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz the Mayor of San Juan for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers. The DJT Foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities! VOTE TODAY! Go to to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!… Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' The failing hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping President of China..... I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for… We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions! ....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders. have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm! National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic America! Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard FEMA etc. A real disaster much work to do! The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen not a Ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype) hosted by Doug in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia C story! Can't believe I finally got a good story in the It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign.... #JFKFiles Today on #NationalAgDay we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained… Today we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria VA. “Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.” I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous... History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one his nickname is Hone… Prime Minister and on behalf of Melania and myself thank you for the invitation… Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement! ...has endured because of the sweat blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world! “Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President every time we've spoken they've delivered...... With only a very small majority the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct no votes! We must always protect those who protect us. Today it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land! Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers. Well as predicted the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C. Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! ...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them! It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong🇵🇷 ...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read! The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version! Together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world.... I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need. either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess! Today I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. John Lewis said about my inauguration "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he... Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by.... Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement! Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation we support scientists engineers and astronauts in the… Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money! Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA🇺🇸 Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump henceFake News &amp; were anti-Trump. Collusion? ....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs! Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings. Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs. His Socialist opponent in November should not do well a big failure in last job! Today I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea… Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new...... Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare! Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp; unfair trade is but we will fix it..... called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying.... Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great! Starting at a small Bible School in Florida Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... Nick Adams new book Green Card Warrior is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada Australia! Just arrived at Camp David where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds! Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... The Boston Globe which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp; investment) or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT! “Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin! ....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors.” Thank you Judicial Watch I couldn’t have said it better myself! ...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change! Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election! “Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley Many people would like to see represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job! Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! Waste of time. Brian Kemp who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement is campaigning tonight with VP Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders LOVES our Military Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor! ...Hence I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run! Our great team at is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA MS AL and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe! Thank you to for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia including Crimea Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again! The Governor of Puerto Rico Ricardo Rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky! “U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High” Happy birthday Vince you are truly one of the greats! Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They... FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control! Hopefully Republican Senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s. Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair! China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the North Korean problem they will Hopefully all supporters and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW! Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!#Inauguration2017 A great guy (with great ratings)! It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! Welcome back Martha McSally running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress WINS BIG. Congratulations and on to November! Wow “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned” according to The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal. My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice &amp; peace. It was my great honor to join proud hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife Nelly was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people! It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S. and all countries fight back? Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades. I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA Andrew Wheeler will... My thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today. Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor China by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard! Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES! The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed) will be paid back by Mexico later! Vanity Fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s &amp; a big fundraiser for CH is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness! was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama! Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again. On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG ANTHEM COUNTRY. Total lie! My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe! We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put… Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight ...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world! We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it! “The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6% the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7% the lowest ever Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA🇺🇸 HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service as the indispensable guardians of our great technology! #CenturyOfService “I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.” Jonathan Turley on Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion! The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields in cemeteries battlefields and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies from privilege and from poverty... Great job Kevin we are all proud of you! As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country you provide for your family you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do and I back him now. Also AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say we’re in the 30’s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star The failing which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept! Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA It was my great honor to host my friend and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished thank you! #Success🇺🇸🇯🇵 Good luck to Ric Grenell our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy he will represent our Country well! Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.… Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system electric grid many roads gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!" Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come! Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with McConnell and Making progress - four week extension would be best! Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! ...We cannot keep FEMA the Military &amp; the First Responders who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever! Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate! Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! ...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people. This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low! Charles McCullough the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt? Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started! Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter Lou Barletta to replace a weak an ineffective Senator Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart loves PA and our Country! “The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney. The opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster! China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable! The real story that Congress the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now! So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end? In other words Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt! It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to. ..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S. Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America! Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare worst in the country. Deductibles high people angry! Lisa M comes through. has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall is helping me create Jobs loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges... This is a storm of enormous destructive power and I ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials. The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN! My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs! Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy! Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸 No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote. .....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ.... Heading to Ohio! my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop. Wrong answer! China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen and North Korea to be VERY successful but only after signing! I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart works hard and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime! The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members. THANK YOU for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade but won't help with North Korea. Nice! #USEmbassyJerusalem President Donald J. Trump and Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare! Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more! Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead! We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule! Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got.... Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as..... Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! Melania and I will never forget it! Over the past 11 months I have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix! We are now leading in many polls and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states! Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C. “Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens” Failing New York Times If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him! Big win in Montana for Republicans! So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be and Fiction writers! 51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly! '16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6 1944 more than 70000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft jumped out of airplanes and stormed into hell... Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this! "thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD! Eventually but at a later date so we can get started early Mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall. Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform 227-205. Zero Dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military! Thank you #NATO2018! The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the now. Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy for the first time in 21 years to the Black Knights at the I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security. WOW! Heading to Moon Township Pennsylvania to be with a really good person State Representative Rick Saccone who is running for Congress. Big &amp; happy crowd (why not some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also tough on crime &amp; border. Loves 2nd A &amp; VETS Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its wayif possible. Federal G is ready! It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! Just landed at Fort Drum New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES! Across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike:“REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.” "Under Trump gains against #ISIS have dramatically Just watched on Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg and you’re looking and doing great! Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down! #JointSession The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18 With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information I have no idea... The reason I am staying in Bedminster N. J. a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings! Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK. No matter the mission the brave men &amp; women of our proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227🇺🇸 New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in ..... Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great. Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers! Congratulations Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person A.G. Patrick Morrisey who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp; Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement! The wonderful people of Puerto Rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them! A large number of counts ten could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt! I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts! To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the #FakeNews!#PRStrong🇵🇷 The Failing the pipe organ for the Democrat Party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner! If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning! If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60... Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security. Alaska Arizona Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there. Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help! ...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish! Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement! Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade. I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning. ...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes open your borders and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday! The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens! Very interesting election currently taking place in France. Today I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate and Sanford was so bad I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington! If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the FBI! Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration.... Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!#Halloween2017 states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump." Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly? Just learned that Jon who is running for Congress in Georgia doesn't even live in the district. Republicans get out and vote! When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes! ZTE the large Chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi. “Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” ...Save your energy Rex we'll do what has to be done! Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going and going well! As a very active President with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!.... Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy! Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! “The President deserves some answers.” in discussing “SPYGATE.” purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes." Dishonest! has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes creating great new healthcare programs at low cost fighting for Border Security our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana we want Clay! It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement! The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad! We will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: On behalf of Melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening President Sergio Mattarella.… CHIP should be part of a long term solution not a 30 Day or short term extension! On behalf of Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist &amp; Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic… I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world... Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around and fast. Strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage! Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35 I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet! I thought and felt I would win big easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did I. Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A. Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory. Happy 70th Birthday “While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.” Catherine Herridge of In other words they were colluding with Russia! Great news as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT! “Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing” #RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad🇺🇸 Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State! ...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess! Mexico will pay for the wall! The Failing set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with! We will always ENFORCE our laws PROTECT our borders and SUPPORT our police! #LESMHarrisburg Pennsylvania #FlashbackFriday #MS13 Diane Black of Tennessee the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman did a GREAT job in passing Budget setting up big Tax Cuts Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to how to deal with North Korea...and if there was it wouldn’t matter. The has called me wrong right from the beginning! Today as we Remember Pearl Harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA! Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you! “It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. “Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000” #ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M. Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch! Sergio Marchionne who passed away today was one of the most brilliant &amp; successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS he loved the car industry and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed! Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours! We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: The military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc. have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed. Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸 ...that Open Borders large scale Crime and abolishing ICE is good for them we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country! The irony is that the Freedom Caucus which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan! Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland Florida: Thank you! A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states it is for the people.... Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground. caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts. Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans! Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen “Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in...... America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie." Today it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the in the Rose Garden! Proclamation: The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN! Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking re-election he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul! The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)! Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on Thank you Ohio. I love you! ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums &amp; deductibles are way up! Congratulations to of Michigan on a job well done. Also thanks for your great support! This is the right TAX CUT the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHER – as one team one people &amp; one American family. #TaxReform It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the Just landed from Paris France. It was an incredible visit with President A lot discussed and accomplished in two days! With the strategy that I announced today we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: Thank you Louisville Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA🇺🇸 A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! ....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S. Steelworkers are working again and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against but when we use them foolish people scream! Wow just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked.... On behalf of Melania and I THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! #ElectionDay The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! ...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record! With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety! Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit Prime Minister and Today on Long Island we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange he will be great! Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country our Flag our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime ICE and Borders. We need Lou! More than a century after conquering flight the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info! Rand Paul or whoever votes against Hcare Bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare." It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care. An honor to join the Coalition yesterday. In America we don't worship government. We worship God.… Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton? China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act. ..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal! Arizona please get out today and vote for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress! ...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader. The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House as it pertains to my business so complex - when actually it isn't! You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads Rob Goldman! Heading to Alabama now big crowd! The Failing in a story by Peter Baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast.... Thank you. I love you Ohio! In even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love. #USA🇺🇸 The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history. The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday outside of Flake and Corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY “This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ. Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 Franklin such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA to raise wages for AMERICAN workers &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! #USA🇺🇸 Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done and are doing to make it better-but Charlottesville sad! Departing The Pentagon after meetings with Pence Secretary James Mattis and our great teams. #MAGA🇺🇸 It was an honor to host our American heroes from the #SoldierRideDC at the today with Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer the "King" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed. With that being said I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart! Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor! We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon! We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships. See more at:… #WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!! So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...” Wow Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD! is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her! Wow Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls! Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people. Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel. Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever! Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead! The U.S. under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world being built right now. I want peace through strength! A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat Jones in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book “THE RUSSIA HOAX THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP” going to #1 on and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book! Before going any further today I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation and filled our hearts with grief... I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics! Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall the military tax cuts &amp; law enforcement. A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the Infrastructure Summit.… ....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin. HSI agents and ERO officers on behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American’s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!#LawEnforcementAppreciationDayPresident The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th. Just left the Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to... My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina including all of those involved in last nights car accident and their families. The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team &amp; fast. We must fight them &amp; Dems in 2018! ...lottery continues deadly catch-and-release and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA they should support the Grassley bill! Thanks for your support! Great meeting on Trade today with and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving... ....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy! Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime strong on borders loves our Military and our Vets! #NDSen Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee will now fight Tax Cuts plus! “Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event” Today I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!➡️… Unless you catch "hackers" in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election? My daughter Ivanka will be on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats. The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he... Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with Should have sought review. The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use.... The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! In High Tax High Crime California be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference! I will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 P.M. on Enjoy! General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that. Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic! Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS JOBS JOBS! ...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge Rosemary Collier to hold a hearing haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp; FBI in there &amp; if she finds there were crimes committed and there were there should be a criminal referral by her....” Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating! As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible! has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement! The good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad..... I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States! Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me! ...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story record Stock Market border security military strength jobs..... ...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey John Brennan..." Witch Hunt! Today it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum! So proud of Military and First Responders! Thank you! I have spoken w/ of Texas and Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed. To the great people of West Virginia we have together a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is Don Blankenship currently running for Senate can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey! The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you! Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED! "Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria" Senator of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans and our country down yesterday. Too bad! Donald E. Ballard on behalf of the people of the United States THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp; P 500! ....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long! Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: Thank you! Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do! Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸… “Private payrolls boom in July increasing by 219000 vs 185000 estimate: ADP” Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd big energy! Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning Merck &amp; Pfizer: Yesterday I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.… “Had the information (Crooked Hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...."Charles McCulloughFmr Intel Comm Inspector General Well Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president! Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site. With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with Pence &amp; Secretary Watch:… The world is noticing thanks! It is time to remember The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments. Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event right here at the If it is MADE IN AMERICA it is the BEST! USA🇺🇸 "If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton much worse - just look at Syria (red line) Crimea Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News? ....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House I chided them about tariffs in other countries like India being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax! Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China... People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY" Just arrived in Indianapolis Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now. Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it! “The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp; Women are forgotten no longer! Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders. Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform). Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 joined by “President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock☘️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House” 🇺🇸🇮🇪 Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. Rep.Trey Gowdy “I don’t think so I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s.... Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll) it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support! Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the Phillipines. United States-Mexico Trade Agreement: Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans via “Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books” It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought. Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage New York. Keep up the great work! You can change your vote in six states. So now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people! “I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.”Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 Happy #InternationalWomensDay“First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award” ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the West Side was "their soldier." ..... Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen their most important tournament this afternoon. Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare! The Roger Stone report on is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision. Welcome Prime Minister Abe! Highly respected author Christopher Bedford just came out with book "The Art of the Donald Lessons from America's...." Really good book! In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the Republican Primaries started but didn't think I was running! It is an exciting time for our country!#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! Republicans will come together and save the day. Governor We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong Kellyanne Conway went to this morning for an interview with Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible! I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party! Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the as we renew the historic partnership betwe… expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. The passage of the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo… FLORIDA-Just like TX WE are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to RESTORE RECOVER &amp; REBUILD! Great to see looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM! "Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump the latest in a string..." Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it! Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves! This is now changing - for the first time! The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits... Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt is in deep trouble.. At 9:00 P.M. of all places is doing a Special Report on my daughter Ivanka. Considering it is CNN can't imagine it will be great! What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never..... I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war not me! My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach Florida today!#HappyThanksgiving "20000📈21000📈22000📈 23000📈this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year..." #Dow23K #MAGA and in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent Bob Casey has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi Elizabeth Warren lines loves sanctuary cities bad and expensive healthcare... “American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.” Wow Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime! President you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon! Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels Belgium this afternoon! I will be interviewed tonight on by at 9pmE. Enjoy! I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: Moments ago it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! to the U.S. but had nothing to do with TRUMP is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me! Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For.... I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you. "One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information..... It was just announced that song “DonaldTrump” went platinum—tell Mac Miller to kiss my ass! Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion. ....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing.... On China Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time. The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at! “Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers b… Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. President Andrew Jackson who died 16 years before the Civil War started saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen! Here is the video “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the DOW S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA Thank you to the GREAT NYPD First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! On Tuesday I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of &amp; Border Patrol in Yuma AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you! ...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding! Today we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades an ever-growing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless American factories &amp; devastated entire industries. Effective today my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law. Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!#DebateNight #TrumpPence16 No wonder the Today Show on biased is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility! If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement! We will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C. The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD ...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia...... Great meeting with a wonderful woman today former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice! #USA🇺🇸 It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives! Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you. White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service! Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor! Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO Today hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by say hel… Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care) he doesn't lie-just wants to help people! ....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young low level volunteer named George who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS! years as a pol in Connecticut Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When.... Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! "Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH📈that is making America🇺🇸FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS💰RICHER." -Stuart So important. Should have been done years ago! Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday! American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!#USSGeraldRFord #USA Today it was my great honor to be in Kansas City Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you #VFWConvention I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run. On behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote ...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress but his political career is over! So now it is reported that the Democrats who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia don't want him to testify. He blows away their.... ...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly. We're all thinking of you #TeamScalise We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America GROW in America and HIRE in America🇺🇸 ...the Ninth Circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system. The failing would do much better if they were honest! It was truly an honor to introduce my wife Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement! We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs Houston Astros Pittsburgh Penguins New England Patriots Alabama and Clemson National Champions and many others. National Anthem &amp; more great music today at 3:00 P.M. Join me at 11:00am:Watch here: It was my honor to welcome Cup Series Champion and his team to the yesterday! - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground got there long before #Harvey. So far so good! Honored to meet this years delegates w/ Pence in the East Room of the Congratulations… “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2 2018 World Autism Awareness Day” It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous I WON! Thank you these are very exciting times. On my way! #Inauguration2017 "President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek"Proclamation➡️… ...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades fair and reciprocal Trade will happen! Thank you! Today I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... Another horrific attack this time in Nice France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse. Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Today I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America’s depleted infrastructure. We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent.... 'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' ...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan and others in Puerto Rico who are not able to get their workers to help. They.... The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations more good news is coming! country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more I believe the people are seeing "big stuff." ....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER TRUMP APPROVAL HITS Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project Soldier Ride to the on Th… Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement! "Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's Today it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the A great book by a great guy highly recommended! Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade two very important subjects! Five of our incredible Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica #CrookedHillary I want to thank my for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays? My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ➡️… Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. Even though I am not mandated by law to do so I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the...... Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A. $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing. As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead. The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual bad judgment. Very importantly will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat! Congratulations to the Houston 2017 #WorldSeries Champions⚾️#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Great bilateral meeting with President of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18 Just landed in Duluth Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with and his wonderful family! THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! Thank you St. Louis Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them! ....On 18 to 21 Age Limits watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this but not much political support (to put it mildly). I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news! ...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey but I did not make and do not have any such recordings. So many stories about me in the are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes? Together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember ObamaCare is dead. Today the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. ....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe! Big show tonight on 9:00 P.M. on Happy Birthday Join me in Tampa Florida next Tuesday July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement! It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. 🇺🇸🇰🇷 Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!"ISIS is losing its grip..."Army Colonel Ryan I will be in Huntsville Alabama on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done! When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs we will FIND IT we will DREAM IT and we will BUILD IT.… Wow the Failing said about "....the most powerful T.V. show in America." From my first day in office we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks… Watching my beautiful wife Melania speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.… People get what is going on! Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning never wins elections! Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here! People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! Today I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch… ...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes.... Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today! ..(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship. Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation! ...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest. Congratulations Sorry losers and haters but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecureit's not your fault Today it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the #NCAAChampions🏆Photos: Great news on the 2018 budget McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform ...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi! has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to and has my full support and endorsement! Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country d… “President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA🇺🇸 Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this! ...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA This week the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together we will give the American people a big beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! Join me live at 9:00 P.M. #JointAddress is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime loves our Military &amp; Vets-has my total Endorsement! Thank you Alabama! From now on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… ...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting. 70 years ago today the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff! I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow. Just arrived in Taormina with Melania. #G7Summit #USA🇺🇸 The #AmazonWashingtonPost sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS! Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare! That’s right Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS JOBS JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp; management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down! Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years he will thank me. Be smart Robert. Eric we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District! FEMA &amp; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp; water delivered. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Locals trying.... Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews! The first female Admiral Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have and to be recognized as the first but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.” Alene did just that and America is forever grateful! The Failing has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue! Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!#DOW24K #MAGA Eric Trump on now! Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably... Address to the NationFull Video &amp; Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice! After 5 SB victories since 2002 it was my honor to give Bob Kraft Coach Belichick and the players their first to… &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. Many people talking with much agreement on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran! We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." ReallyI just beat 16 people and am beating her! Today it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States in Annapolis Maryland. Congratulations!Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH! With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out) we have the HCare Vote but not for Friday! Happy Birthday Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!… The failing has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? I would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the “Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine” Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work and will be VERY weak on crime! Wow just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS! My wonderful son Eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with... Met with today at the Great discussion! The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down! REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE! STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time we also know that China is providing North Korea with... massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful! #BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸 Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week! Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal policies that spread ISIS or calling millions of… released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days! Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO! Weekly AddressJoin me here: After today Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary. “Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES” Together we dream of a Korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again! Together we will Make America Great Again!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 ....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak! Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his! Interview with David Muir of News in 10 minutes. Enjoy! WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake New Media. In other words they have it RIGGED for me &amp; others so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of... Thank you -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 ...Additionally because of our much tougher Trading stance with China I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)... Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: An extended interview from the Super Bowl with airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! Have a great game today and - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! #ArmyNavyGame #USA🇺🇸 🇺🇸🇮🇹 .....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office it constitutes an intelligence breach......” Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair Ralph Norman who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and.... ...John is strong on crime and borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement! With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51. Can't get votes END NOW! The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And it is lousy healthcare. Great interview by with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe? Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news! A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles. The Democrats lead by head clown Chuck Schumer know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it they.. ....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media! Wow Nellie Ohr Bruce Ohr’s wife is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is unbelievably still there! Join me live from the Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… Gold Star father Ceejay Metcalf whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House was fantastic this morning on He is a special man! ....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed! Great meeting at the this morning! Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful. Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad! Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs. Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes really vicious. RIGGED ...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security "Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo… Joint Press Conference from Helsinki Finland: It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today we honor and thank all teachers!… The United States mourns for the victims of Nice France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur the holiest day of the Jewish year. An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland to the today with Pence. 🇺🇸🇮🇪 We are getting it done - jobs and security! #500Days of American Greatness: To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico CONGRATULATIONS! Thank you Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors and listen… I will be interviewed on by tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M. Enjoy! “Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States” Proclamation: Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election! I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… 'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today ASAP! There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than who is strong on Borders &amp; Crime loves our Military &amp; our Vets voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement! Great meeting today at the It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth Minnesota on Wednesday June 20th at #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 Today I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch… Now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M. Afghanistan Iraq USS Monterey Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters Florida. Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend Jim Justice at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard does a great job and raises lots of money for charities! Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy! WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 Throughout my travels I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams can all prosper side-by-side. Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal! Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it purposelyso wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts! Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation: Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned! We're going to use American steel we're going to use American labor we are going to come first in all deals. ➡️… "Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland! #WEF18 Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Obviously the European Union as represented by and the United States as represented by yours truly love each other! I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA doesn’t seem to make much sense! Big ratings getter and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show! This week my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free prosperous &amp; peaceful. Great job &amp; Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. is doing a fantastic job! It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the today! Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system! Thank you to everyone at HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported state managed and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build. 'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' Join me LIVE in Washington Michigan at 7:00pmE on #MAGA ...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and... will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come! Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country. I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii. Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp Thank you Nicole! Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race! The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win! Just arrived in Youngstown Ohio with On behalf of all Americans I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!🇺🇸🇨🇴Joint Press Conf➡️… The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access INCREASE choices and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! The is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!A great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs. On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the National Council for the American Worker Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it! Amy Kremer Women for Trump was so great on Brave and very smart thank you Amy! their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I don't think so! It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the Please clear up the Fake News! I am at the #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting! Thank you Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER we are #MAGA🇺🇸 We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime weak on our GREAT VETS Anti-Second Amendment.... Just landed in Da Nang Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017 Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help Together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.Full Opioid Summit: As promised our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias Sadly they and others are Fake News and the public is just beginning to figure it out! 'Economists say Trump delivered hope' Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here: ....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! I would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC. We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs I swear we will...... Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform Read more: DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25 2018 as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy” ...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor keep your plan!" It is.... I think that both candidates Crooked Hillary and myself should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary? The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt! #DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally So nice thank you! I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! Having great meetings and discussions with my friend President of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the 🇺🇸🇫🇷 "The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Thank you Rand! Such an honor to have my good friend Israel PM join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN… "America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS JOBS JOBS! Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the...... Great day of meetings with Prime Minister of Japan! I want to thank the for your devotion to our fallen heroes unknown soldiers Prisoners of War those Missing in Action and their families. #VFWConvention Join me this Friday in Pensacola Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: Congratulations to on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again! Watch on tonight at 9:00 P.M. An honor to host the Annual Easter Egg Roll! Good luck to on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans! Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed like Libya open borders and maybe her emails? Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list of course is terrorism. #G7Taormina I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ! Great conversations with President and his representatives on trade military and security. I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy of the Great State of Louisiana for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON! Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press! ...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words Ocare is dead. Good things will happen however either with Republicans or Dems. Happy 70th Birthday My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way! Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them? Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday August 22nd in Phoenix Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes weak on Crime and Border. do this under the law I feel it is visually important as President to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses.. ...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend.... I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary costs will triple! Great book just out by very successful businessman Always known as somebody who knows how to win “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit! I will be interviewed by at 10:00 A.M. on Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS On my way to Tampa Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! I will be at the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting! I will be interviewed by on Sunday on at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy! Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#NATOMeeting #NATO Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting! Happy birthday to the great You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down! Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way! The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister back to the Weekly Address🇺🇸 #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement: Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair. Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: #PledgeToAmericasWorkers Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Happy What’s going on at is happening to different degrees at other networks - with being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia they were hurt badly! It was great to have Governor of #PuertoRico🇵🇷with us at the today. We are with you! #PRStrong this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said "We have to accept the results and look to the future Donald -- I will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman! Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary. on now! Great! 8:18 A.M. This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future. Great interview on with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea. Thank you Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA ...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible! No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes. So impt Rep Senators under leadership of McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster must happen! On my way to Pensacola Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement! I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day. The failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce? Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade. WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 Great to be in Fort Drum New York with our HEROES! Chuck Jones who is President of United Steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country! Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.Stock market at a new high unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! Today I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend PM Abe of Japan to the Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges of which there are many... Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;… “Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR OK?”Sen. Dianne Feinstein Great work being done by w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay Will be on Enjoy! I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME! 'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017 Thank you Agree! Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at w/ &amp; Remarks… ....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if.... If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote! Tonight Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the – and wish them all a very A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said the system is totally rigged! Thank you Jim Justice for that warm introduction. Tonight it was my great honor to attend the “Greenbrier Classic – Salute to Service Dinner” in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL! Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare! Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th! Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia full Endorsement! ...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible! FLORIDA- Visit to find shelters road closures &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement! If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say I would be beating Hillary by 20% Today Melania and I were honored to welcome French President and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner in their honor. It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false! President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister of Italy to the Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference: Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 is NOT above the law!#Debates2016 A great honor to host the Champion New England at the White House today. Congratulations!… We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster New Jersey. The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big! Out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ... Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA… Polls close but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election! A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts" "Consumer confidence soars to highest level since A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS to protect OUR COMMUNITIES and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! Thank you to the Washington Examiner and on the great article - on WINNING! Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere using #VAVideoConnect - available at: Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017… “Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004” I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth! ...goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade. When the American People speak ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear. On November 8 2016 you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone! Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November! Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming should not have delayed! As the world watches we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! “Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign” The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave he won) then dropped me over locker room remarks! Meeting w/ Washington D.C. and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… The failing finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to.. Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election! ....In the interim Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS! states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)! without retribution or consequence is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ...... Will be going to Evansville Indiana tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders the 2nd Amendment and loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will be a big night! Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system! PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We’re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance... Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA… We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!). Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back just like we will take America back. No games! Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on - ENJOY! It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4-- Great Job Rachel Campos-Duffy on Happy Birthday Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country both in times of peace &amp; war. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA… After decades of lies and scandal Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! THANK YOU Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act the #S544 Watch… There is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H! Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends! Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening? Totally biased went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford G.M. Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back... Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 #USWomensOpen🇺🇸 Great meeting with at the today! #MAGA #ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS Thank you! Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them we don't have a country! AMERICA FIRST! My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES. Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me! Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook! You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. Dow S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! Senator Luther Strange who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama will be on at 7:15. Tough on crime borders etc. So true! Our incompetent Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to Iran. Scandal! Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week. ...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give! Today Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the Conference: News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill. 1:00 P.M. Join me live from the via Today it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the Bahrain and the United States are important partners.During the Crown Prince’s visit he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of F-16’s... I will be meeting with the NRA who has endorsed me about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list or the no fly list to buy guns. Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions? "Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of..... Just out according to "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country" JOBS JOBS JOBS! Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart! of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement! It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the today with Pence.➡️… Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong it all came together in the last week and..... The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly. Thank you and Granite City Illinois! In analyzing the Alabama Primary raceFAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement! Susan Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on..... “Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000” Watch now on Podesta and Russia! Thank you Reno Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst… won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement! CPAC Today! Today I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the "The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy...” Why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES are never blamed by media? SAD! I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. 🇺🇸🇪🇸 Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything especially on trade where.... I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times! Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! Thank you our great honor! The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation! In light of the horrible attack in Nice France I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement. ...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright! Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement! Today we are thrilled to welcome CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ’s from Singapore back to the U.S.A..... Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all! Congratulations to the 2016 Tigers!Full ceremony: has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line &amp; has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! America's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico &amp; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER! “Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” Eric Trump on on now! Election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into news! I hate to say it but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention! The two fake news polls released yesterday ABC &amp; NBC while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in General E. Watch! Great meeting with the Committee this morning at the Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad! WORKING TOGETHER we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. Congratulations to and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media as usual gave them a pass. “The media are good news fire extinguishers!” #CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web... Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA "Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba"Video: Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. ...... Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. #USA I am running against the Washington insiders just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess! Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases...... Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: The women played great today at the #USWomensOpen🇺🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! My Administration Governor and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way... Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources they are just made up lies! My wife Melania will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina. Will be interviewed by on at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy! 'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution "Dow Passes 23000 for the First Time Fueled by Strong Today it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work I will REPEAL AND REPLACE! We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with and Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close. He loves Alabama and so do I! A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸Watch here: Weekly Address from People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will Press Briefing in Charlevoix Canada prior to departing for Singapore! Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves heed the advice of State and local officials and follow for updates. Be safe! The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD! My Administration will follow two simple rules: Ivanka on now! Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: Thank you Orlando Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch… Just landed in North Dakota with and We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! Today it was my honor to welcome Estonia President Lithuania President and Latvia President to the Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit: great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to .... I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare. #ICYMI- on Monday I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister to the WH. Full Remarks:… Great evening with President &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. "Outgoing CIA Chief John Brennan blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really couldn't do... My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped and I will stop it. 'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ... Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal about what a complete disaster the has been under its leader from previous Administration who just quit! Great meeting with and leaders including Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: Wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable! Unbelievable evening in Melbourne Florida w/ 15000 supporters- and an additional 12000 who could not get in. Tha… Thank you Really great job and show! We are one nation. When one state hurts we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest. It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday. Captain Khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it! Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS. It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#UNGA Heed the advice of you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S. Just arrived Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN! Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to… Pence is heading to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around Congressman Keith He is running against #LambTheSham who is telling... While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers. I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow. &amp; you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA ...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA Great work Ivanka! The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP 77% (18290)CLINTON 17% (4100)#DrainTheSwamp #Debate Just landed in Bedminster New Jersey. #MAGA U.S. COAL PRODUCTIONUp📈7.8% past year. Down📉31.5% last 10 years. #EndingWarOnCoal Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans! Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free -- 'Manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the Great job by MichaelCaputo on We are one nation. When one hurts we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.#StandWithLouisiana Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters. Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on See you tonight Huntington West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸Tickets: Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and team. We support you! Today I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: #ICYMI- My statement last night at… Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon. So true Ivanka! 'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ➡️… "National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"Memorandum… Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety. ...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the... ...We have not seen China’s demands yet which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe the meetings... The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid! Thank you America! #MAGARasmussen National PollDonald Trump 43%Hillary Clinton 40% Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart tough on crime borders &amp; trade loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday! I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th! Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.… It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the this afternoon. With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special councel appointed! “Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States” Proclamation: Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific and together to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017 decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! ➡️… The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We.... The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street! Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C. ....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel. Tom Fitton on at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch. Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster! Heading over to the to meet with Ambassador and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸 Today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit #POTUSAbroad 'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words. It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴 Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:… The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreement &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... American must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening. Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China Liu He. ...It's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed with billions of dollars.... PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary I am soooo proud of my children Don Eric and Tiffany - their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight! Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail. You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders Healthcare the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving #TeamScalise With all that Congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog as unfair as it Thank you #MAGA ....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class companies and jobs! Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the Presidency. Two of my children Don and Eric plus executives will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office. Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… I look forward to reading the 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary. Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough! Happy Birthday I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday! Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks: "How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It" 'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:… Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down! ........may be their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS Join me LIVE in Moon Township Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA is doing a great job - so far no contest! Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI… Join me tomorrow in Duluth Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: Thank you This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM! #NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! Watch:… Congratulations to our new Secretary Robert Wilkie! Thank you Geneva Ohio. If I am elected President I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr… Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible...... Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington Virginia. Thanks to McConnell and the we are appointing high-quality Federal District... and Champion were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport! Our very weak and ineffective leader Paul Ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty. WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 After having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized! More records! #MAGA See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix Arizona! #MAGA🇺🇸Tickets: Elizabeth Warren often referred to as Pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary who she always hated! especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign. "Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limits.."Amb. ...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives. It is my great honor to host Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:… Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen! See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ... The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th. Senator of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger he has my total support! 100% fabricated and made-up charges pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX! What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. During my trip to Saudi Arabia I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. Thank you you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed think?” “$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates credit GOP tax cuts” #ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE… 'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans! I will be interviewed by on at 10:00. Enjoy! It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by Pence and Secretary at the… Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you! Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn! ...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field." 'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'➡️… and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 ...differences they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong. It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind changing our future. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAF… President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago instead of golfing. Too little too late! Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO… I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. Congratulations Marsha! Thank you Senator #MAGA Manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via "Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000" Read more: This is great - on my way see you soon Kim Reynolds! and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a - We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill… Wow did great in the debate polls (except for - which I don't watch). Thank you! The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN! Join me in Washington Michigan on Saturday April 28 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain “The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5 notching its best reading since December 2000...” being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system? Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on in 10 minutes! #MAGA ...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good! Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I love watching these poor pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't! Congratulations to on their new morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck! The organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago have totally energized America! Departing for St. Charles Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy' 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thanks Bill for telling the truth. I will be interviewed by at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! Will be another Sean success! It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen to the yes… THANK YOU IOWA!#ThankYouTour2016 Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary! I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so! My contract with the American voter will restore honesty accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session➡️… ...owed to Wall Street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. Food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies. As usual Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable! Great mtg w/ today. Tomorrow I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! wanting to sell their product cars A.C. units etc. back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult but..... The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea nuclear "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest! Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman See you all then! Tickets: No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated! Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them. Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough! I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… ....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow! Thank you Thank you Maria B! This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate #USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGA Mobile Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected see you there! Today I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… Due to the horrific events taking place in our country I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami. In more and more places throughout this region citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017 The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored. #NYCStrong #USA🇺🇸 A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on? Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special the Republican Party. Wrong I didn't inherit it I won it with millions of voters! What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic! How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk? America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends as allies &amp; as a people w/a shared history. is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals. President Obama just had a news conference but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse! Today I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more… Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change. Another attack this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich. Great job Proud of you! #AmericaFirst 'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:… I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening! Americans stand with you and all of Canada Prime Minister Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: Wow now leading in Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up! Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy. My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm. Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had including Never Trump all farmers &amp; sm. biz by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%. Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her! Is this really America? Terrible! It was an honor to welcome President of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime. Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting Secretary Elaine Duke and COS John Kelly. Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together… Terrible attacks in NY NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims their families and all Americans! We need to be strong! Thank you - great show! Remember don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources the sources don't exist. It is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history! Our great VPE is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington. I will be interviewed on this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day! Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not! Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning. Today it was my honor to sign #S2155 the "Economic Growth Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act.” Read more: We will see what happens! #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 of position." Then separately she stated "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of -- A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP NAFTA high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees. Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch… It was an honor to welcome to the today with Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo… The failing reporters don't even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way! My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders. ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all! just doesn't get it and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists mostly losers in life! Thank you Indiana we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget! State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday. Wow the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine DJT. So much for.... Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone! Healthcare listening session w/ &amp; Watch: #ReadTheBill:… It was a great honor to be with President of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA Join me live at the ...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea and Japan if he so chooses. If he does they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.–China trade disputes and other... Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by and First Responders. It was my great honor to welcome President &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️… ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts! I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates! Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts. THANK YOU Phoenix Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100… Crooked Hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous! “Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest Outlook Survey” They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT! An honor to welcome PM of Australia to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror. MAKE AMERICA SAFE Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose! THANK YOU #NFIB75 Finally in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43! Thank you for hosting! #MAGA REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords “On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21 the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles...” via Every on-line poll Time Magazine Drudge etc. has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting! Wow did you see how badly (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like who could expect any more? The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States in Israel and around the world. If we let Crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect... The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H? Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership. Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:… If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this we need to… If and would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform. Proud of for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! Great couple great book! Congratulations to on its unbelievable ratings hike. 'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'… Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace! Thank you Pennsylvania! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States. during a general election. I for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind -- ...everyone how much he likes me but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA 'Jeff Sessions a Fitting Selection for Attorney Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena! Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder! ....the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall Great new poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA🇺🇸 Congratulations John! Just out: Neera Tanden Hillary Clinton adviser said “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring! Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help! we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! #VFWConvention Clips from tax speech and on now. Have a great day! Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer! We commend SG &amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA Our not very bright Vice President Joe Biden just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe that was Ted Cruz! Congratulations to my children Don and Tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you! I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out! Just interviewed by Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on #Dobbs The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar! It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! For the record I have ZERO investments in Russia. Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer LIVE:… Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution! Join me in congratulating by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… #USAatUNGA🇺🇸 #UNGA Will be interviewed by on - Enjoy! “Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks” There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of Magazine. Way down big trouble dead! Graydon Carter no talent will be out! #ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.EO1: EO2:… A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty high crime &amp; lost opportunities. Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win! Poll numbers way up - making big progress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days Wow new polls just came out from Great numbers especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44. Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction terrorism and ISIS across the world. Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so will he become my new best friend? A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference… Wow NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like! I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8 she's out! New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies and got caught Great visit to Detroit church fantastic reception and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd! Thank you! Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:… 'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history Today it was an honor to have at the Speaking for the U.S.A. we appreciate all you do! Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6 1944. I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate "Police officers are the best of Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist! Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400000 votes. Trump 61%Clinton 39%#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou… Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS rise of Iran and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression! Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou Incompetent Hillary despite the horrible attack in Brussels today wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way! Will be interviewed on by coming up at 6:00amE from Davos Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the today. #TaxReform Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:… Today in Florida I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud! Well now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum but last night the big debate. Nice! #ICYMI: Weekly Address #CrookedHillary In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow to Gettysburg! May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived. Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful Lyin' Ted or I will spill the beans on your wife! "Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade jobs military vets 2nd A repeal Ocare borders etc - but media misrepresents! Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here. The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH! I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone. #LasVegasStrong I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debate #CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs. I will fix it VOTE "T" Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice! Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA A great night in Fayetteville North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED." Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive! Thank you! #TrumpPence16 Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota Florida!Watch here:… Debate polls look great - thank you!#MAGA #AmericaFirst I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News! Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness! Last night in Orlando Florida was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally! Joined the Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. #PassTheBill #MAGA🇺🇸… Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.Watch rally here:… It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid! To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests we welcome you with open arms. People first. ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #PRStrong🇵🇷 Wow my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out V.P. pick! #CrookedHillary Job Application Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the today with Mike Pence.… Will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy! The is partnering with and to bring the “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow April 12th to April 18th. More information: The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the THANK YOU! Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”or coughing attack yet it is #1 trending. What’s up? Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA #NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate? Texas &amp; Lt. Gov. you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham Romney Flake Sass. SUPREME COURT REMEMBER! ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play even a little bit with respect to my decision on Don McGahn! Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life! I will be interviewed by on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails? It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better! Wow President Obama just landed in Cuba a big deal and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect Now this is a record that will never be broken! The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement! The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well! We agree (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama Just spoke with and de Blasio to let them know that the federal government... ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better! ....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote today! Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse a friend. Will go this AM. Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS under a serious emergency belongs! Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media! Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch: Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting. I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade. Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign! The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals! Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up! For the 1st time in American history America’s 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you. Good luck #TeamUSA#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs! Happy birthday to a truly great Champion and Person! Remember I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters I am not bought like others! Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them &amp; run as an Independent. This story is not about Mr. Khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart! Thank you Lake Worth Florida. Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you #CoastGuardDay President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe! Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with Mitch McConnell and Secretary of Defense General James Mattis. We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place. Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach Florida! #LESM #MAGA Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie or my supporters will go to yours! Record crowd in Tampa Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA… President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie. Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou… If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself. The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications! Thank you #SBAGala CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar. Thank you to our wonderful team and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA🇺🇸 Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL! Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. Obama plus! The meeting with the is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it! If Obama resigns from office NOW thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses! As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! Very good speech by under great pressure--Dems should be proud! Thank you Maine New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to… Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees and will allow it to happen h… Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?#DebateNight Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens! Today I signed an Executive Order the U.S. Dept. of 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… I will be interviewed on by starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy! Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising national way up. Wow! Weekly Address- Wow is so negative. Their panel is a joke biased and very dumb. I'm turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!… So many in the African-American community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down: I will fix it promise I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll. From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! Congrats to Priebus a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince! "This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c… Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by Twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night. As expected the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win! Very surprised that China would be doing this? Thank you for joining me in Mandan ND Gov. Lt. Gov. &amp; Thank you Charlotte North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all… Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails. Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou Wow interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch! Thank you Concord North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th we are going to Washington D.C. and we are going t… The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan always fighting the Republican nominee! Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing! Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Thank you Miami! In 6 days we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White… This is the simple fact about she is a typical politician - all talk no action. #Debates2016 I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke! Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count… Wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot? Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou I hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds looking for a larger venue. Andy McCarthy will be on tonight. 7:00 P.M. Wow did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying REPEAL AND REPLACE! President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I won't dodge questions as your President. Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt dangerous dishonest. We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged! If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie how is she going to take on China Russia ISIS and all of the others? Hillary’s 33000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart! Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! With Hillary and Obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM! Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailed Great new poll- thank you! Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday! The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime… DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT Join me live from Bedminster New Jersey: Happy Easter to all have a great day! Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary? If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie) media would go wild Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement. Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst Amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it... Thank you I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use! Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all! Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.… We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres. Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:… Thank you Wilmington North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!… I will be interviewed on the at 7:30. Enjoy! Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm! Yet another terrorist attack this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad. Thank you working hard! The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!… “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24 2017 as United Nations Day” Read more: I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come! Interview with coming up at 7pmE on Enjoy! Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me! Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon. Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream! Great night in Denver Colorado- thank you! Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here:… Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch. Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary! Great op-ed from Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. There is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma North Carolina!#ICYMI watch here… Thank you Marco I agree! Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!RASMUSSEN NATIONAL Trump 43%Clinton 41% Wow. Unbelievable. Joining tonight at 9pmE on Enjoy! Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity! My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County Arkansas. #LESM THANK YOU #JIATFSouth and Keep up the GREAT work! I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve A very interesting read. Unfortunately so much is Wow just saw the really bad ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary. Welcome to the Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! #ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.… Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach Florida at noon. Tune in! Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41% "Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Thank you An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets: New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back – BIGGER and BETTER and S… LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! Thank you America! #Trump2016 Just got back from Asheville North Carolina where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you! #MAGA Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! While Hillary profits off the rigged system I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney… It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see. Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: &amp; get ou… I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and tomorrow!Watch:… Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live: The media is so after me on women Wow this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump! The panels are so one sided almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN! Thank you Costa Mesa California! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie! The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag! Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians HRC is not with you. China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible! My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers. Paul Ryan a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago) must start focusing on the budget military vets etc. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M. Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back! So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! “Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday” When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department? What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. I will fix it! Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton. Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE… Join me in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets:… The true question for the Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did? Bernie Sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry! The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory she's out! Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton. Where are and #Obamacare We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time energy and money. The V.P. a joke! #CrookedHillary Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS. Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them and run as an Independent! Crooked's stop in Johnstown Pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 - with Bill VP Just received from Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a chance! Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday! Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY! Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability I can go along with that! one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C. just took himself out of consideration for "State". It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians! My wife Melania will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy! #CongratsPeggy! Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia Hypocrite: is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth Former President Vicente Fox who is railing against my visit to Mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb." THANK YOU St. Augustine Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!… Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it! Join me LIVE with and Death spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 citing expected losses on INDV plans this Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere When I said that if within the Orlando club you had some people with guns I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees is the worst.They go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again! I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go! The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal! This election is a choice between law order &amp; safety - or chaos crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou So I raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased. 'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the I am on - Enjoy! Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster Funny if you listen to the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two they are fawning. What a difference Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots! My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Violent crime is rising across the United States yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities. My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all. Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con. Obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame. Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change! Don't believe the Polls they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election. I delivered a speech in Charlotte North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA… “Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more: ...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote or vote on August 7th Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement! Thank you Florida Ohio and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. Thank you! Wow Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past which is terrible! Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: Reuters polling just out- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something! Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren one of the least productive U.S. Senators has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice. The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE! The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary! Beautiful rally in Albuquerque New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampWatch rally:… Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL! Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you Ohio! Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad! #ImWithYou Sorry folks but Bernie Sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD! Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther." I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard. New National Rasmussen Poll: An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates. The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays. How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam which horribly oppresses women? Wow the failing has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source #MakeAmericaSafeAgain Wow just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION! American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the 'American Dream!' "A rough night for Hillary Clinton" ABC News. Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife Melania. Place looks beautiful! Join me for my Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp Great day in D.C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from Ohio and Arizona and it was packed with great pros - WIN! Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! In Texas now leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida! The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest! Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED and other things! An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… Many people are equating BREXIT and what is going on in Great Britain with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back! Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it? Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster! When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost? In my administration EVERY American will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph Michigan. “We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33000 missing e-mails? Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION! Don King and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought I was a racist! Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona! New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: #TrumpTrain… I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie! Can't believe these totally phoney stories 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press have impact! Thank you Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice equality and opportunity. President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals! TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800000 votes. Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy! Thank you Hershey Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley #ICYMI watch here… Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger stronger party! Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch her time will come! Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters! Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade a lot! We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not. Two policemen just shot in San Diego one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER! was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P. Thank you Great Faith Ministries International Bishop Wayne T. Jackson and I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary! Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities Presidential Memorandum for the re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton. Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:… Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! Russia has more warheads than ever N Korea is testing nukes and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? Thank you Toledo Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE… People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA! WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. Thank you High Point NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together… Mr. Khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice! Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way dumb! Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #TaxReform Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times! Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings Will be interviewed on at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy! Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets! #ThankYouTour2016 Tonight- Orlando Florida Tickets: Mobile AlabamaTickets:… Thank you! #AmericaFirst ...considerable aid including money fuel fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts... 'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of ALABAMA get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA #ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail #Imwithyou MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized? The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again. Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself! Thank you #AmericaFirst October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace The seriously failing despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits! Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA? Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her! Wow just won Missouri! Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun! Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary! Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught that's all! They laughed at Bernie. Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame! Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate! Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage Long Island--- great to be home! Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate? How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair! I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence Lyin' Ted! Another radical Islamic attack this time in Pakistan targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead400 injured. I alone can solve Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities they want TRUMP! Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane? Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are! Thank you Washington! Together WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you. I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!… I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton. Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp… Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS or whatever she has been doing for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END! There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end! Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence? “The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. #CrookedHillary Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick &amp; the most overrated person on tv. Join me tomorrow in Des Moines Iowa with Vice President-Elect - at 7:00pm!#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA… Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes! MONDAY - 11/7/2016Scranton Pennsylvania at Rapids Michigan at 11pm.… Thank you Greeley CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:… The MOVEMENT in Lakeland Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP &amp;… The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people! Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b… Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing! Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances. Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out! My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! #CrookedHillary #PayToPlay Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done! Can you believe Crooked Hillary said "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized. Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva Switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran! The truth is a beautiful weapon. Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails. Thank you Delaware County Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election or we are going to LOSE this country!… #ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis WI. Thur: Hershey PA. Fri: Orlando FL. Sat: Mobile AL. Tickets:… My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now) but they are watching. Really disgusting Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win! MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:✅Eliminate excessive regulations! ✅Lean government!✅Lower taxes!#Debates … Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country! Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass! Nancy Reagan the wife of a truly great President was an amazing woman. She will be missed! #ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North Michiga… Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know. The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! So the highly overrated anchor is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but I can't fight back? Wrong! Tim Kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing! Yesterday's failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam. Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership. 'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's Thank you Bangor Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A… I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better! Join me tonight in Fayetteville North Carolina at 7pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: Thank you OHIO! Remember when the two failed presidential candidates Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal no honor! Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. Unbelievable. If is president she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words and and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!Tickets:… #AmericaFirst! Great new polls! Thank you Nevada North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story! They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016 Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded. Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16! Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA. ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable! So funny Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk no action! In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful! Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail! I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air! Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out! House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt! Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened! Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie run. The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed! In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of by &amp; for the PEOPLE I need your VOTE! Go to LET'S #MAGA! Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them. Thank you Charlotte North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:… Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT! 'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'… Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done Thank you Naples Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Full Naples rally… I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American New polls - join the MOVEMENT #ImWithYou On my way! 'Trump won the third First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: 80%Clinton: 20%Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch! Departing Golden CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system! The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke! Thank you for your support Greensboro North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! "Little" Michael Bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster! I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed! The truly great Phyllis Schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92. She was very special! In Austin Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! 'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts… If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions! Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger! I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today! Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices! Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate Great crowd in Fletcher North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th… Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst I am now going to the brand new Trump International Hotel D.C. for a major statement. Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated! Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted! Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE! Great job Proud of you!#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE Crooked Hillary Clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers! Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst Our next Vice President of the United States of America Gov. #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst Bernie's exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed! WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #CrookedHillary = Obama's third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. "Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J. Trump Thank you Washington! Honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history. Heading to Youngstown Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst Thank you to all of our amazing military families service members and veterans. #ImWithYou Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate goofy Elizabeth Warren who lied on heritage. Today we together won the Republican Nomination for President! The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists! 'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him! Funny how the failing is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st! Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN… EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen! Thank you Wilmington North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest! Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare! Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you I will never forget! One of the best produced including the incredible stage &amp; set in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have Beautiful evening in Kinston North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:… Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS and China on trade and Mexico at the border. Bad! Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening! If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment ask the family of Ambassador Stevens. Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:… Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home! WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? RIGGED! Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts with his 17 Angry Democrats without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou so true! CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs. Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch: Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland Ohio.… Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Wow is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television! Wow Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad! I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump" Thank you Tallahassee Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!#ICYMI- watch here: Join founded by Hall of Fame legend on 1/19/2017 in Washington D.C.… Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will and must win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE! Thank you Novi Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes. More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad! Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff our country needs change! Great poll- Florida! Thank you! Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron Ohio. It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage Long Island! This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth… They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! Thank you Florida! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Huma calls it a "MESS" the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.#DrainTheSwamp new book 'In Trump We Trust comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is! I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted no energy left! In the last 2 weeks I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$! Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City. Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess! ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both. Great new poll Iowa - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon! In November I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs! I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women Gays' Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify! Thank you Newt! While under no obligation to do so I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our VETERANS. Nice! Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic! Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games we must be smart tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN! I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy! THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain We are going to make this a government of the people once again!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you Sanford Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:… Thank you New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president and I will DELIVER! #CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 Just leaving Mechanicsburg PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! The failing which never spoke to me keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False I am who I am-never said Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you! Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. "THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!" I agree To all Americans I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. 'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP is in pocket of Wall Street and backed Iraq War. Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- least 12 more delegates! Ratings challenged reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM? Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live. I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC. Amazingly with all of the money I have raised for the vets I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media. Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity. Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement. Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together! Wow! I hear you Warren Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch: Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters because of trade will come to me. To all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. Thank you Kenansville North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a… Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt! Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou Great crowd in Johnstown Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon… Today proves what I have always known that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against Bernie! Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star or plain star! "In politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history! Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI. Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First we need to… In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR… I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America! Michael Morell the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total Clinton flunky! Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California. Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential! Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now. The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting and plenty of it - but we will prevail! The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight? Just leaving Akron Ohio after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas. 'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for I’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth Congratulations to my son Eric on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids! The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H! #CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Thank you! #AmericaFirst Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman Phyllis S! Great new poll- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the TSA is falling apart just like our government! Airports a total disaster! We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country. I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system! Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog… Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security and more! New poll - thank you! Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! #CrookedHillary is not I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster! Exclusive Video–Broaddrick Willey Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes’ ‘Terrified’ of ‘Enabler’ Hillary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpPence16 Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong! Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President! Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton. is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore. Sadly this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' Great job Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: THANK YOU Daytona Beach Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support. Join me this Saturday at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile Alabama! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets:… I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud! I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement! Thank you Jacksonville Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if I win all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed! The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters! An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6000000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016 'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Great new poll- thank you America!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile. Honored to receive an endorsement from - thank you! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG… Thank you Governor MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst… Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds! I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime! 'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' Will miss tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget. I will be in Cincinnati Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 Tickets:… Once again we will have a government of by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you Grand Rapids Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes Crooked Hillary Clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money! Thank you Gettysburg Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite! This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before. Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information." Not fit! #ObamacareFail The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life. A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA Will be in Phoenix Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou Under a Trump administration it's called #AmericaFirst! Thank you Las Vegas Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:… Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me. I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News! Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. #AmericaFirst means… Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe. People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger! Even Bill is tired of the lies SAD! "CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem! Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history! Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad! Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: #VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again! 'Small business says Trump is their pick for We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again! How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA the worst economic deal in U.S. history? Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted. I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily few people are watching - dead network! Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD. Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good. Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’ #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Thank you! Facebook: I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me! Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:… Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick! Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! The United States cannot continue to make such bad one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more! LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you. A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres Thank you Ohio. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT Thank you Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you Travis County Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you Fort Lauderdale Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H. I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me. #CrookedHillary Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass? I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land! 'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst "Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign Join me in Mobile Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: Mitt Romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope! Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington Just leaving Miami for Houston Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic! As I have been saying Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv. Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by Bernie S she has BAD JUDGEMENT $25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute Thank you Colorado! #AmericasMerkel NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away no pictures." Here are Hillary Clinton's "accomplishments" at the State Department.#Debates2016 #RattledHillary Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco! Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! In trade military and EVERYTHING else it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac? If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions Pittsburgh Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer! The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful! Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you. It is amazing how often I am right only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration take the oil build the wall Muslims NATO! Just like I have warned from the beginning Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime how many more shootings will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE! The Clinton News Network sometimes referred to as is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Arena was packed totally electric! "Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." Wow - thank you Pensacola FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join #FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk no action -- maybe her Native American name? WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE #VPDebate I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on! Some day when things calm down I'll tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend Two clowns! The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong) watch November In just out book Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president! "It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do." #DrainTheSwamp! On my way to Des Moines Iowa- will see you soon with Join us! Tickets: #ThankYouTour2016 Thank you for sharing Amy. I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam. Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care ofour vets! FACT ✔️ on “red line” in Syria: HRC "I wasn’t there." Fact: line drawn in Aug ’12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ’13. Why doesn't the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest! so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean not bad! Wow- 25000 in San Diego California!Thank you!! #Trump2016 Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering! Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council. Crooked Hillary Clinton who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama) is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call. Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start! Wow reviews are in - THANK YOU! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term! Highly overrated &amp; crazy is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn! It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘There’s Something MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you America! If Goofy Elizabeth Warren a very weak Senator didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton who wants to destroy all miners I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs! I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days. The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as if it is going to stop illegal immigration. #CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting! Governor and I will be in Cleveland Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGATickets:… I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents she had one! A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America! General John Allen who I never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD #NeverHillary Wow 30000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run? Thank you New York I will never forget! It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement! Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not their BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite! Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating Never let them see you sweat! Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son Eric did a great job - under budget! Thank you Georgia!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! MAKE AMERICA GREAT Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain ‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Thank you Peter - if elected I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense! WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person! Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant! Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MakeAmericaWorkAgain#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE Katie Couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc. I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day! It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA The endorsement of me by the 16500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice! Thank you Council Bluffs Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just… Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me! We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION! Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal! Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney the man who "choked" and let us all down is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me! Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton! Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts. oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179249 while DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113826.… Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness! On Saturday a great man Elie Wiesel passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil! Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session! USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Thank you Roseanne very much appreciated. and I will defeat #VPDebate Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses! So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said! #MakeAmericaWorkAgain #TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn! New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy! Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with Sadly because president Obama has done such a poor job as president you won't see another black president for generations! Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate! Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions! #CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’ USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact! HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI… The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched = SAD! I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie! President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly! Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' #ObamacareFail A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife today. #NewYorkValues Word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon! Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge! Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence! Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc… Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' Thank you West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot but I never did = lie! Was there to support son The Great State of Arizona where I just had a massive rally (amazing people) has a very weak and ineffective Senator Jeff Flake. Sad! - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth Crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good! VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’" Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump For too many years our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need. People in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS! Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on! My thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in Philadelphia. #ICYMI: Governor and I were in Valley Forge Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:… Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy. Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings Joe a mess! Just returned from Pensacola Florida where the crowd was incredible. The world is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest. Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 10am- Baton Rouge LA. Tickets: Grand Rapids MI.Tickets: The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately it is a dying newspaper. Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest. We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system. #debate #MAGA Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago? During the GOP convention CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. “No one remembers who came in second.” - Walter Hagen Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign I am not bought and paid for! No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" See you tomorrow Michigan!Grand Rapids MI tomorrow at MI tomorrow at 3pm:… I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp Thank you America! #Trump2016 Join me in Greensboro North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #ObamacareFail #MakeAmericaSafeAgain!#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE Thank you Roanoke Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up: Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy! Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way! Even though I beat him in the first six debates especially the last one Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada? I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught! In Tampa Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016 My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7% with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good flexible save money and number one! Moderator: Hillary paid $225000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Thank you Windham New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA Little you illegally used my name for your song “Donald Trump” which now has over 75 million hits. 'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife' Wacky who hardly knows me makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope! Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!TICKETS:Golden: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou Such a great honor! If Bernie Sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same. I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter. I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over even this savage from Orlando. I was right. Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday Goofy Elizabeth Warren who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 is much better and far more truthful than which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch. It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false. Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!… It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position. Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Leaving West Palm Beach Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:… I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter! Thank you for having me this morning I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016 The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this! Join me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at at I will bring our jobs back to America fix our military and take care of our vets end Common Core and ObamaCare protect 2nd A build WALL Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses including Obama. Thank you to the Governor of Florida Rick Scott for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support! Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment 'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE #VPDebate Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying." Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd and the entire show is against me.The good news-the people get it! I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch! Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change! Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement! Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' via John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days! Wow has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight! Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday 'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez! I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me! Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do. Join the MOVEMENT to I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt will fix U.S. Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! Bernie Sanders started off strong but with the selection of Kaine for V.P. is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country. Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out Agreed! I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current! Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: #AmericaFirst So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job. ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different storywith very fast results Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'#DrainTheSwamp Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!West Palm Beach FL at OH this Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. "I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us Thank you Des Moines Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! Governor and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA Join me live in Hershey Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE: "{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess and she knows it." #DrainTheSwamp Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story! Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals! Why does the media with a strong push from Crooked Hillary keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite! Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton a totally flawed candidate and beating her soundly As the days and weeks go by we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions! Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech! Great being in Cincinnati Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst “People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire! What a great night. Thank you South Carolina a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin Texas. Enjoy! All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS the bandits that tell your pols what to do President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE. #CrookedHillary “was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco” to Clinton Fdn. Thank you #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA "Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters Please remember I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists! Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade: Goofy Elizabeth Warren Hillary Clinton’s flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American. The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people! is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states great! Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now! Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement Beautiful morning- thank you CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine thank you! The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that we play the game because I unlike the Democrats have done nothing wrong! #CrookedHillary Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up! Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today all over the great State of Texas! EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway more states coming up in the next week: OH ME AZ IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE! Thank you Anaheim California!#Trump2016 Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge: Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150000000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S. jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs The great boxing promoter Don King just endorsed me. Nice! Wow ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! "Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material! Remember I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests! Thank you for your support &amp; friendship- Governor #Trump2016 Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work! Hypocrite! claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters? Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!Cincinnati Ohio- tonight 7:30pm: Maine - Saturday 3pm… Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong! Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou Thank you Nebraska!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this? I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together we will beat the Dems at all levels! Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH 2004 VIDEO:Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by &amp; Thank you! #ImWithYou Wow the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival! Thank you Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be on tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA! Join me in Florida Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016 My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now finally receiving plaudits! NATO commander agrees members should pay up via Thank you will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 I am making a big speech the night of the debate but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins! Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration. Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #Debate Amazing rally in Reno Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together we will put… Lyin' Ted Cruz who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort 'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine you can mark it down" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea! Great evening in Canton Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE… Thank you Senator So many great endorsements yesterday except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie will lose! STATEMENT ON MELANIA MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT who could not stop Obama (twice) ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads! Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses. 'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: THANK YOU California Maryland New York and Pennsylvania! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 "State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal" Hillary Clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune I am spending very little. Close in polls! Join me in Wilmington Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent instead of sixteen. Broke record Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS! 'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH #VPDebate 'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp ‘Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! It is time to George Will one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago) has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST! CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript: Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5600000 that I raised/gave! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 On immigration I’m consulting with our immigration officers&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street. Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight 10pE. 'CNBC Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via Thank you- Tucson Arizona! A great afternoon with 6000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan! The Better Business Bureau report with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate This is my pledge to the American people: I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA • • • 9:30p… Thank you North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. The quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy boring! As a tribute to the late great Phyllis Schlafly I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP. “No one remembers who came in second.” – Walter Hagen Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night! Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence tomorrow. Join us! Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful! An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video:… Thank you Dayton Ohio! 20000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 THANK YOU NEW YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Lyin' Ted I have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm! Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one! Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada! Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! As Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary! Crazy Maureen Dowd the wacky columnist for the failing pretends she knows me well--wrong! Thank you Denver Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon #MakeAmericaGreatAgain When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13375. Today they are $18142. Thanks Obama. Wow you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting. Thank you Portland Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 'Why Trump' I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe! Thank you! #Trump2016 Thank you to the people of New Hampshire I love you! Now off to South Carolina. We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump Video: Thank you Greensboro North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst Hillary’s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security. Join me live in Cincinnati Ohio!#TrumpRally New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion! Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? Thank you for a great evening - Laconia New Hampshire -- will be back soon! Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H. Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud! #ICYMI- "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE #MAGA Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State costing Americans millions of jobs. THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit! Thank you for today's endorsement New York Veteran Police Association! #NewYorkValues Wow Corey Lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there! JOIN ME IN OHIO Thank you Fort Wayne Indiana!#Trump2016 #INPrimary Because of me the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters a record. If they are not careful they will all leave. Sad! I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz! Join me live in Reno Wish Obama would say ISIS like almost everyone else rather than ISIL. Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking? Explain how the women on The View which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left ever got their jobs. is wasting time How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Top suspect in Paris massacre Salah Abdeslam who also knew of the Brussels attack is no longer talking. Weak leaders ridiculous laws! and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016 This is the definition of ransom ⬇ I will bring our jobs back to the U.S. and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again. Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy! When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics! Yesterday was amazing—5 victories. Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well! The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast! Great rally in Fresno California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous! There will be no amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement! A great day in Wisconsin many stops many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people! I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…” Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA JOIN ME TOMORROW IN I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner! According to report just out President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia! I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there! #Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it! JOIN ME! #MAGATODAY:Springfield OH Toledo OH Geneva OH FRIDAY:Manchester NH Lisbon ME Cedar Rapids Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS! Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou Thank you Columbus Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA A great afternoon in Tampa Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! Thank you Charlotte North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for joining me this afternoon New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript:… Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Look forward to being with all of my friends. We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: and get out to… Sad case- did article saying I don't pay bills- false only don't pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! They should do same! Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified. Wow Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem! Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups. I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016 Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the prior to #Trump2016 #2A Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1 so too should our country. We can be great! In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest! Thank you Springfield Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!#ICYMI - watch here: Look where the world is today a total mess and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast Hillary has no chance! Thank you Missouri! #Trump2016 Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked! Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd great enthusiasm! If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue. CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A #VPDebate Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote. Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable. I am always on the front page of the failing but when I won the GOP nomination I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest! Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough! TERRORISM IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: 'As Senator Clinton promised 200000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ #DrainTheSwamp An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you Sheldon! "I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind I will be going to New Hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M. 'It's just a 2-point race Clinton 38% Trump 36%' Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' Here we go - Enjoy! 'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people! New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people...... Join me in Naples Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: 'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA Sneers At Millions Of Average #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing! Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail Just as we won the Cold War in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont: Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote! Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto. A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big so now he wants to debate again. But according to DrudgeTime and on-line polls I have won all debates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just arrived in Cleveland Ohio- join Governor and I now LIVE via: Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' The Clinton's are the real Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting! #DrainTheSwamp Will be in Novi Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb! I just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great! Thank you- Appleton Wisconsin!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York! Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money Thank you Waukesha Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech Thank you for your endorsement #MAGA As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! Tried watching low-rated this morning unwatchable! is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess! The #SOTU speech is really boring slow lethargic - very hard to watch! Thank you many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music! I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race! Henry McMaster Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers so badly. Funny! Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing! 'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to #DrainTheSwamp! Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: #BigLeagueTruth I havn't seen in many years he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope! Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay- Springs- 1pm… Great to be back in Arizona!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 If crazy didn't cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways! With Luis Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted. If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did! Join me in Denver Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!Tickets: 'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'#PayToPlay On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others. Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics! Will be on #Hannity 10pE discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws! Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay I'll still keep drinking that garbage. Thanks to for your kind words very much appreciated. Wow USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president? Join me in Bedford New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA… Join me in Manheim Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallyTickets: Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach Bobby Knight has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby! The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon. Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8646551.Trump's is 7533692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize #HappyMothersDay! Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president got ZERO and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad! Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax! Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people big &amp; over! Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country! Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics’ No Vision: My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list! Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: The failing wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73 Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her. Thank you Redding California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words education of your children from D.C. No way So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide! Join me in Denver Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: Scranton Pennsylvania Monday 5:30pm: We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0! I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO FINALLY MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN! Thank you Sacramento California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! The Club For Growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group! The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today! MAKE AMERICA GREAT #MakeAmericaSafeAgain Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami… Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud! Brought to you by &amp; her campaign- in Chicago Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp Cruz came to Mississippi there was nobody there he left the state. I had a rally in Madison MS with 10000! Thank you! Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting! Great job by on interview with on #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal! I hear the Rickets family who own the Chicago Cubs are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful they have a lot to hide! Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night. Wow I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that! Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now! Thank you Iowa- see you soon!#Trump2016 #ImWithYou Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! Will be in Bangor Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGATickets: I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp Dummy writer who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no) is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted! Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders Health Care the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner! Will be on tonight at 10pm hosted by Enjoy! I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally after all these years of watching stupidity we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser but if the GOP can't control their own then they are not a party. Be tough R's! Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!) is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful! Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so right! Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use Thank you Georgia! See you soon!#Trump2016 Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President! If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent say good bye to the Supreme Court! Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:… The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges Will be on tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the story which has become a joke! I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #Debate Can you believe that Ted Cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade? I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun! The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY! Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch! We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:… Just arrived in Syracuse NY. Big crowd great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary Join on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA I love you Arizona! Thank you!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Thank you Pueblo Colorado! #TrumpRally Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside small group of thugs burned Am flag! One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win! FL KS ME MD MN NJ OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at… Just in big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump Will be doing tonight at 8pm. Enjoy! Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually she has done poorly with such men! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday✅Florida✅Illinois✅Missouri✅North Carolina✅Ohio #TrumpTrain Thank you Roanoke Virginia- be back soon! FMR PRES of Mexico Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar! Is this what we want for a President? Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: You should give the money back #DrainTheSwamp Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border. Failed candidate Mitt Romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE) - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems! Great honor to receive today's endorsement of Really nice! #Trump2016 THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Remember I am self-funding my campaign the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.! "Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary Thank you! #LaborDay #AmericaFirstVideo: Happy birthday to the great You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today. Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician. More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct. The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration. Thank you for the endorsement Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide Having ZERO impact. Sad!! Well that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight! As election looms some bad news for Clinton Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA Crooked Hillary Clinton who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions. WOW great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016#NewYorkValues Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk no action! The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 Thank you- New York! I love you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign the only one. I will keep doing but not worth it! I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana! loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates Join me in Reno Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGATickets:… Thanks "Trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen." Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 Thank you Governor &amp; Chairman Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me. About to begin a rally here in Henderson Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:… On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN #Trump2016 I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate he is scamming Florida The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio! Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: In presidential voting so far John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him I will beat Hillary! In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after election! I will be interviewed by tonight at 8pm on the Enjoy! Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate… #CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world! 􏰀 #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 Moderator: “Respectfully you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful. I'm going to do what was totally unable to do- WIN! More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: Thank you New York and Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Together we can save American JOBS American LIVES and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates Thank you Governor #AmericaFirst #Debates2016 Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy not one Senate endorsement and despite talk gets nothing done. Loser! Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA. Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre Chris Cox &amp; the #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better! Join us today! Together we will .....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers! Christians need support in our country (and around the world) their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible I will be great "Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary Thank you Senator David After raising w/ no obligation almost $6M for Vets I couldn't believe protesters formed Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY! Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people! has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes creating great new healthcare programs at low cost fighting for Border Security our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana we want Clay! Thank you Mahoning County Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain is so negative getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off! is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth Thank you Henderson NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:… Thank you Abingdon Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there! On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST! I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU the American people!#Trump2016 Video: Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue. is wrong for defense: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs Iowa! Tickets:… For reasons only they can explain the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you America! #Trump2016 N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on! After Crooked allowed ISIS to rise she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years. Thank you for the incredible support Maryland! This is a movement!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain The statement put out yesterday by was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband with his terrible record of women abuse while playing the women's card on me she's wrong! Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs? Joining from Waukesha Wisconsin - now live! Enjoy! THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Imwithyou #LawandOrder #ImWithYouVideo: Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed! The "dirty" poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good. THANK YOU Connecticut Delaware Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again! Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C. Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART! poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it! Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd! It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again! Will be in Cleveland Ohio w/ tonight- join us: Florida-tomorrow 6pm: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain “We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders the 2nd Amendment &amp; loves our Military &amp; Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement! is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me! Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T. They have bankrupted… "The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart and very tough FAST before it is too late! Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy he is without question the BEST quarterback! So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today Trump Tower! Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who as a Senator never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke! Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape? The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time! Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi! I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c… We just had the worst jobs report since 2010. Thank you Dallas Texas! THANK YOU AMERICA! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain These politicians like Cruz and Graham who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better! The negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch remember! I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge Gonzalo Curiel who is totally biased against me. Thank you Washington! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. Join me in Henderson Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA Tickets: The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem! Bernie caved! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions no ideas no credibility.She supported NAFTA worst deal in US history. #Debate Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know! Lindsey Graham is all over T.V. much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty angry jealous failures have ZERO credibility! Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold. Wisconsin we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016 Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people! Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.#RTM2016 #Trump2016 Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings Apologize! In getting the endorsement of the 16500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you) the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary! Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: Thank you Eau Claire Wisconsin. #VoteTrump on Tuesday April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City. Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant! I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us yesterday! Just arrived in Arizona! Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so he should runnot her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.? See Lyin' Ted even the (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio not Trump! Going to Salt Lake City Utah for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary Why does devote so much time on her shows to me almost always negative? Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn! I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS China Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years! Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on - We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare! Thank you Speaker #Trump2016 'State works hard and illegally for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp Theresa don’t focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine! If stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions! Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst Thank you Arizona- I love you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #ObamacareFail Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore. Join us tomorrow in Scranton Pennsylvania at 3pm!#TrumpPence16 #MAGA Tickets: Thank you New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! Thank you #ImWithYou Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President I will protect your market. You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. Wow every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor! The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more! I will be interviewed from Cleveland Ohio on - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy! It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth #ICYMI: John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180000 from Putin’s Uranium Company: President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747. Join me live in Toledo Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud! Crazy supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win! Will be on tonight at 8:30pm prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE LYIN' TED Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about But he's right: Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at 8:10pm from Pensacola Florida. 'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Thanks Piers. 🚨BREAKING🚨: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI Jeff Zucker failed and he is now failing Thank you Atlanta Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst In Bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed! Thank you Richmond Virginia! #Trump2016 We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate and the time is now! Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry! Dopey Prince wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016 Join us in Toledo Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGATickets: Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next Thank you Florida. Keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! Mr. Meltdown. This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy! Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain "Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no Please correct I WON Virginia! Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost! Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco his State Chairman &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote. Don't reward Mitt Romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA open borders etc.). Thank you Albany New York!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Over 50 women were interviewed by the yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements. If doesn’t clean up his act stop cheating &amp; doing negative ads I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen. Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas Tom Leppert has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday Join me in Pueblo Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?#DrainTheSwamp Thank you California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb Rand Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries no way he would ever endorse me! Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids Iowa at 7pm: Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work. A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported it was a DISASTER. Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job! Thank you Arizona! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be interviewed on at 7:30. Things are looking good had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin! 13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL OH PA MI GA TX NM IN LA TN AR KY SC.Register: Thank you Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee. Thank you Virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! MAKE AMERICA GREAT T.V. show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO" When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time. The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good! When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He can't say it and unless he will the problem will not be solved! Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz and may be an even bigger liar Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2) A very interesting take from Hey see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate We need much tougher much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW! Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him. Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. Thank you Georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out I will pick up more. Sad but true The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China NOT WOMEN! Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter Thank you America! #Trump2016 Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Will be joining on at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy! Join me this Thursday in Wilmington Ohio at noon! #ImWithYouTickets: Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special! North Carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN WE WILL BRING BACK! Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam his house sale &amp; his no show voting! Thank you Arizona! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain It was great being in Michigan. Remember I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry! Join me in Pensacola Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed great people! I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me Hawaii! Well Obama refused to say (he just can't say it) that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS. Tomorrow!Las Vegas NV- 11a: CO- 4p: NM- 7p: Join me in Colorado Springs Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me! Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers! I heard that was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped) was nasty. Irrelevant! Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad! Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won according to Drudge etc. all 11 of them! Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee Florida!Sanford at at Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… Thank you Newt! THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016 Will be interviewed on at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! A great night in West Allis Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary Thank you America! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 Wow Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday was on saying Times lied Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack! Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough! "Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer." THANK YOU WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday April 5th! Senator made horrible statements about – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians! Our Native American Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help! See you tomorrow w/ Gov. Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 3pm- Wow Jeb Bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice! Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST! Glad to see that lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person! Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico! A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode! Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. Thank you Attorney General Gonzales so many people feel this way. Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment! Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd the end result was solid! Join me live in Wilmington “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here?” They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY? Thank you! #GOPDebate Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp Thank you Terre Haute Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video: Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine! got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a dog! Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice! "YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE #Debates2016 So funny Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment! I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary Great honor to have General Counsel #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party! I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get. Wow sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others Pervert alert. is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18 block him immediately. channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016 Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center Airport - and destroyed City Join the Stuart Stevens the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad! Wow what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S. THANK YOU - Youngstown Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp #ThrowbackThursday We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! Join me in Roanoke Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. Join me in Clive Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: I have a judge in the Trump University civil case Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego) who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump 'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so! Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6000000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud Join me in Tampa Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: Thank you Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity The must fight harder for the American worker. China and many others are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY Statement on Clinton THANK YOU NEW YORK! #Trump2016 Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 Just leaving Salt Lake City Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back! Join our next Vice President in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI: The writer of the now proven false story in the Michael Barbaro who was interviewed on CBS this morning was unable to respond. Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now after all of this time and so much death about time! I will be interviewed by on tonight at 8pm. Enjoy! Get out and vote Nebraska we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK! See when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me #ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!Watch here: I started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing! I watched Sen. Graham Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support? I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president? Join me in Roanoke Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:… Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast! Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia! I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. I will be interviewed on the - tonight from Florida now. Enjoy! Remember I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed now they're attacking the oil. Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag! Thank you California Connecticut Maryland and Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Leaving for Albany New York now massive crowd expected. Very exciting! Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign we are hereby: Paul Begala the dopey flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me. Just arrived in West Virginia! My wife and my children will be featured on with 7pmE. Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016 MY POSITION ON VISAS#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy Easter! Thank you together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been she would lose! Same failing "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn! Everyone should calm down. is going to do a great job as Batman. Join me in Charleston WV - tomorrow! Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at! Great. Just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me. I knew that would happen pundits didn't! 'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'#DrainTheSwamp The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth A political commentator for which I no longer watch said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record! The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer who said it was a lie! Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump is bad at math. The good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me! Thank you Alex! I only wish my wonderful father Fred gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication! The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! CNN which is totally biased in favor of Clinton should apologize. They knew they were wrong. Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Will be in Orlando Florida this afternoon. 25000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher NC 12pm. OH 7pm. I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE Enjoy! How come the &amp; show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz? Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE a must! Thank you Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Join me in Cedar Rapids Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016 Join me today in Wilmington Ohio at 4pm: Tampa Florida at 10am: I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016Watch: The story with Hillary will never change. Join me in Fayetteville North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad! Join me live in Toledo Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. Get out and vote West Virginia we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again so are many others! I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain#Trump2016 Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying! A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you! Thank you We will respond to terrorism with strength in You can watch 360 video live from the podium! #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just read in the failing that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick! Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri? I can't believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN! The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women they found nothing. A joke! 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies. See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 Kasich voted for NAFTA a disaster for Ohio and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness! LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country and #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch video &amp; go#VoteTrump! Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with! While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon!Carson City: CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers. Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA Thank you for the incredible support- Melania Barron Ivanka Jared Tiffany Don Vanessa Eric and On at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy! Thank you to Jack Morgan Tamara Neo Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB! The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS! Thank you Evansville Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain In Las Vegas getting ready to speak! Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use.... Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength no stamina. THANK YOU PORTLAND Maine!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Anderson so amazing. Your mother is and always has been an incredible woman! I look forward to watching tonight 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair. The same people that said I wouldn't run or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%) now say I won't beat Hillary. Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! THANK YOU AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Join me live in Springfield Crooked foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2 Thank you South Bend Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is! THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp Thank you Houston Texas! #AmericaFirst #Trump2016 Will be on now. Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYouTickets: I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa! Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE I along with almost everyone else have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat Join me in Dallas Texas on Thursday!#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Nov! The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock! is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative! By self-funding my campaign I am not controlled by my donors special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.! 'Over 250000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to Wow in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you! #LawandOrder #ImWithYouTranscript: Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016 Thank you America! MAKE AMERICA GREAT you have failed failed and failed. #BigLeagueTruthTime to #DrainTheSwamp! Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016Tickets: Join me in Westfield Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 Tickets: talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth#Debates On Greta 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor! Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight! Join me in Council Bluffs Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad... I will be in Evansville Indiana with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there! Thank you California! #Trump2016 Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy! Thank you for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history! Wow great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! Rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! My son will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on Enjoy! Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrump Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. On my way to Dayton Ohio. Will be there soon! Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her! Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television he only watches the 13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL! Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump Thank you Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky she should drop out of race. System rigged! Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you Florida! Join me Tuesday in Everett Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back! I will make our Military so big powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016 I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday! We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families#CrookedHillary Thank you Texas! 10000 amazing supporters! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest? has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans. Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: Jeb Bush spent more than $40000000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5 I spent $3000000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability! Wow! Thank you Louisville Kentucky! #VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets Crazy says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me! The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done. No wonder the is failing—who can believe what they write after the false malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me. Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! People like report on my campaign but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media! Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material! Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase! Thank you Willie Robertson! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd will be fun! Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38000 jobs added. Bombshell! Thank you California! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! What a night! 10000 amazing supporters in Greenville South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues We as a country either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY! Join me in Phoenix Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated! Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD! Incredibly proud of my son &amp; his efforts on behalf of in Memphis TN. Thank you! I don't watch or do anymore. Small audience low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way! I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC. On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night! Thank you Rep. I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning Staten Island. Big crowd will be fun! Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. THANK YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate until I put him down. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us! was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke and everyone knows it! 'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Still time to get out and VOTE!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates! Thank you Diamond and Silk! Hillary has bad judgment! Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget! Thank you Columbus Ohio! New York Yankees President Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated. Join me in Delaware Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp Tickets: I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Huma Abedin the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener was a major security risk as a collector of info Hey - WE AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp Join me live in Waukesha Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst Thank you! Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2) THANK YOU- Baton Rouge Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question! The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 A number of months ago I was not expected to win South CarolinaTed Cruz was and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN! I am on with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS throughout the day. Enjoy! #EndCommonCore #Trump2016Video: I am no fan of President Obama but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: Thank you New Jersey! Thank you Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China Thank you Las Vegas Nevada!#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll very nice! Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 #Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: My new radio ad airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!#WIPrimary #Trump2016 Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P Thank you Rep. The failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women. Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M. (EASTERN). Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1000000.00 from me. Remember I said- NO! The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great! Another Dishonest Politician #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio I will be doing the with my wife Melania and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M. Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. Great rally in New Mexico amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim. Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:Daytona | 3pm- | 7pm- Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud! How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants over 300000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right! Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SuperTuesday I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar! I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad. I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money not controlled. Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses. Join me Monday in Columbus Ohio &amp; Harrisburg Pennsylvania! #MAGA3pm in OH: in PA: Thank you St. Louis Missouri! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. 11000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5000 outside. Will be back! Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it! Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit! ....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media! Thank you Tampa Florida!#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased! Thank you Macomb County Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Will be on at Enjoy! Will be interviewed on on from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife Melania will join me for the entire show. “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head who has the problem of lying a lot used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities! Will be interviewed on now! This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something. Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 Hillary when you complain about "a penchant for sexism" who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL! Leaving Superior Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate! I am in Las Vegas at the best hotel (by far) Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada! I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so but hope it is appreciated by the voters. I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday! is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp… NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards! Kellyanne you were fantastic on today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you Clive Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk no action pol! I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8pm. Enjoy! Pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching! We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! I am on with doing a town hall from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance! Unlike the other Republican candidates I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada! I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! Thank you! #Trump2016 AMERICA'S Lying Cruz put out a statement “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3? Crooked’s top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp #Debate Join my team tonight at Will be on at 7:02 A.M. Enjoy. New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica Thank you America! #Trump2016 Both are looking good! Now we begin! So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate! Loved the debate last night and almost everyone said I won but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race? Thank you Pennsylvania! We need a PRESIDENT with strength stamina heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again! Poor spent $50 million on his campaign I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone) I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs! Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou Tickets: Join me in Carmel Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put… The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well their was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally..... Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case! I would like to wish everyone including all haters and losers (of which sadly there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day! I will do far more for women than Hillary and I will keep our country safe something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina! I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy! Thank you America!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote! Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE! I will be interviewed by tonight on 7pm ET Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently Mitt Romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! THANK YOU AMERICA! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 New York we will make America great again! Thank you Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE! “WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown! Nobody beats me on National Security. I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.#ThankAVet Video: As I told everyone once before Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly there is no cure Thank you I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with at a later date after I become President of the U.S. Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about and who? Is Obama profiling? They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes! Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: #CrookedHillary #Trump2016 Will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY! Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media. New Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run! FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST! and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS do nothing! thank you for your support tonight on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud! An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that birth certificate is a fraud. A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders! This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: Michigan Mississippi Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win. Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers! Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? Thank you We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO! Finally an accurate story from the Washington It's really cold outside they are calling it a major freeze weeks ahead of normal. Man we could use a big fat dose of global warming! #GOPDebate #GoogleTrends Signing my tax return.... Will be on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy! Is Hillary really protecting women? Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide! This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a Thank you #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you Laura! Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016 CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: We are going to make our country so strong again so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear I will get most of his votes - no problem! Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy! The just out USA Today National Poll where I lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup I beat both Hillary and Bernie. Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS the Chinese or with Putin. lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth "Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016 Wow I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions! I was not scheduled to be on the Pure fiction! Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM so inappropriate! Just announced that in the history of last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note? recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her! COMING UP on Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs: You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you! See Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate hurting himself and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person! Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on tonight- at 8pmE. Watch it should be good! #Trump2016 Romney's failed advisors like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win! Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty! Thank you Montana! Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 Thank you! #AmericaFirst Nobody is watching anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now! Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016Watch: THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! New Hampshire vote today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you New Orleans Louisiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain "Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Women’s Civil Rights Against Racist Sexist Democrats" Will be in South Bend Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon! Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL. MAKE AMERICA GREAT I will be interviewed by at 7pm on #Enjoy! “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party Republican wins will be massive! has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future. Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today. Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- By not doing the failed poorly rated debate I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6000000 for VETS. THANK YOU- Clemson South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump Video: Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST? ....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if.... Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6000000 raised in one hour for our VETS. Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- So I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way! I will be on tonight at 10pmE w/ from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is by far me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped! My wife will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy! great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work! Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in! Just departing La Crosse Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 THANK YOU NEVADA!#Trump2016 Username: realdonaldtrump Will be in Terre Haute Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon! Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit no problem! #SecondAmendment #2A#Debates I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! On the cover of Magazine—a great honor! Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate. Thank you &amp; #Trump2016 The convention in Cleveland will be amazing! So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event taking place on June 24th. Join me in Florida tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Daytona | 3pm- | 7pm- Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie and I havn't even started on them yet! I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!). The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley! Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so! I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy! See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. I will be on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S. or we won't have a country anymore! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now be there soon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch: After the litigation is disposed of and the case won I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?) so much interest in it! I will be pres. and did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media! Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates. THANK YOU Atlanta Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 10000 people in South Carolina unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. Just for your info tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great! I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen! Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMITrump 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARG Thank you Jason Greenblatt "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump" Ted Cruz along with Jeb Bush pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice but didn't! Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrainTickets: Join me in Houston Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy now brother! When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win! Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it Michael Barbaro the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today) and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I am now in Palm Beach Florida and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. #Trump2016 Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me! Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them ridiculously billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW! We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS and get tough now or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy! If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise dopey Mort Zuckerman's How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way! I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past. Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Again illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL! Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43% What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back. I said no. I will be in Milwaukee Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening very sad! Be honest. Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails why should Tom? Very unfair! Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people! Thank you New Mexico! Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John. Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University. Wages in are country are too low good jobs are too few and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now! Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings! Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016 #ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016 Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 Sorry there is no STAR on the stage tonight! Thank you to the 2500+ in North Augusta South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Club For Growth tried to extort $1000000 from me. When I said NO they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful! Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH! On the 13th tee box with my grand daughter Kai! Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job! Strange but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes while he will double &amp; triple them a disaster! Thank you South Carolina! Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32% highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy! It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth Join me in Phoenix Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Good move by Bernie S. Houston Vegas Thank you Cadillac Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT Bruce Willis wearing my hat on last Friday- Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts! I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video. It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me not Crooked Hillary! Wow shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact! #TextTrump88022 for exclusive updates! We will Make America Great Again! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets? Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous) that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems! How can beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can! Cruz just lied again- I am and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace! Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush. has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate… Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info. TONIGHT! NORTH Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by FALSE My wife will be #OnTheRecord w/ tonight at 7pmE on Enjoy! If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S. Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow. Will be in Bangor Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! While I have never met of the NY Times I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world! I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries! I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the trio especially was not very good or professional! Speech on Veterans' New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big Cruz Rubio and Bush down. The debate results even with a stacked RNC audience were wonderful! A letter to President Jeff Zucker- Thank you Carmel Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Join us in Salt Lake City Utah- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Join me on Wednesday May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!#Trump2016 #MAGA Tickets: I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State! Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! A suggestion for the dishonest media- The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this. My campaign for president is $35000000 under budget I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C. THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened! Wow Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks! While millions are being spent against me in attack ads they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding. Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed Join me in Reno Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets: Join me on Monday April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016Tickets: In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others! Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris they’re all on the bandwagon. Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: I will end common core. It's a #Trump2016 Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop I will fix this quickly! THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!#Trump2016 Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry! Then on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join me in San Jose California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION#Debate #BigLeagueTruth #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp Thank you I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd Thank you West Chester Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble! #CrookedHillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth… The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch. Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side! just watched you on thank you! U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: McAllen Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 Video: Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support! Thank you- on my way! I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy! Just landed in Baton Rouge Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be interviewed tonight on - Enjoy! 10:00 P.M. New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter! Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women And finally Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie! Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns. Thank you #ImWithYouVideo: Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad! #BigLeagueTruth The middle-class has worked so hard are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. BAD #HappyNewYearAmerica! I hear / came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful Thank you Brian France Bill Elliott &amp; #NASCAR #Trump2016 Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen it sucked! Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21 2012 and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab! Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016 I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated. It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than I brought them the biggest ratings in history &amp; I get zip! We have many problems in our house (country!) and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies." Even though every poll Time Drudge etc. has me winning the debate by a lot only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke! When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$! Wow big lines in Kansas. I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why? Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again! America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video: I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50 Thank you Waterbury Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016 May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! Response to The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful! Jennifer is a terrific person. Women defy media narrative love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO: Jeb Bush who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O. Heading to Richmond Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016Tickets: Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks Join me in Sacramento California-tomorrow evening 7pm! He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders no amnesty and an END to sanctuary cities. He is… For all of my fantastic supporters and for the U.S.A. we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN maybe greater than ever before! Congratulations to for winning the We are all proud of you &amp; all clubs! Great going! I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video: I will be interviewed on at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super PACs. Sad! I miss you all and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness." Thanks Dave! Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016 Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Omaha Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic! Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance! They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record. Join me! #Trump20166/10: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN maybe better than ever before! Thank you - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016 The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6000000 for our VETS! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo: People forget it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! Response to the Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters! Join me! 6/10: Richmond VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh PA - 3pm6/13: Portsmouth NH - Wow great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points beating K! Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse New York! #NYPrimary Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak: Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender! On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort the worlds best. 26000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together? Thank you so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting! I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus plus! I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016 Woody Johnson owner of the NYJets is finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me he would’ve been in the playoffs at least! THANK YOU LAS VEGAS NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct! Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat! Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention "Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" via the Gateway Pundit: Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1% he should take his dumb mouthpiece and just go home. I like Michael Douglas! Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016 I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening! Great new numbers. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win! A very interesting piece by a very good writer of and #VoteTrump video: #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way. I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit so stay tuned! In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey He should be fired! Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5000 a record but 12000 showed up! Great love in the air! Ted Cruz is totally unelectable if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN! Thanks! I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance! I will beat Hillary easily but Lindsey Graham says I won't and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on? Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Maryland! #VoteTrump Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by Join me in Washington today!Spokane I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers I'm going to win! Tennessee GOP 32.7%Cruz 16.5%Carson 6.6%Rubio 5.3%Christie 2.4%Jeb 1.6% HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU! Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #UtahCaucus message from #UTCaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain . #RepMikeKelly Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words! came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now because of me starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics! Wow is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad dishonest journalists! I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG BIG BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN If I would have challenged the man the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation! Watching fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband Anthony Weiner will tell the world. The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR and Evangelicals do not like liars! Thank you America! I told you Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic! The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy! Well the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around! Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish! Low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax! I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm EST on Enjoy! Wow just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me will repeal &amp; replace. He lies! Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video. Top searched candidate by state as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED In the just out Poll I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Story: Our VISA system is broken like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son Very proud of you! #TBT I am on tonight a big special. at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY! Thank you Warwick Rhode Island!#RIPrimary #VoteTrump All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge TIME etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest! Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." It's not a fence Jeb it's a WALL and there's a BIG difference! #VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016March 5 2016 | Wichita Kansas: Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure! I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it. Apologize? Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates NOT masterminds! Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN Watching biased Charles a flunky who didn't know that I won every debate in particular- the last one. Check polls! Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers! I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Arriving with &amp; Back to New York tonight. Video: Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick! While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil) word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio the lightweight from Florida GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIU Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. #TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy? will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate… Join me on from Indianapolis Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. It's freezing outside where the hell is "global warming"?? Why doesn’t just endorse already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow! Tune in at and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH stop the… Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only is consistantly fighting the Trump win and I got them the ratings! Join me in Wichita Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters. “Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by Join me in California or Montana!5/25/16: Anaheim Billings See you tomorrow Dutchess County New York! #NYPrimary Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad. At the request of many and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter! Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone Anthony Sadler &amp; Alex Skarlatos. Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border most other candidates are finally speaking up. Just politicians! Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office. Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud! Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy! I never fall for scams. I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interview today said he didn't want to be the front-runner he would rather be where he is now 2%. That is the talk of a loser can't win! Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics! got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me. Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled but won't out of principle! See student surveys. I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain." I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory Phil Bubba Adam and Dustin all at the top! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The Phoenix V.A. it has just been reported is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous and people are dying. I will fix it I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women! #ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech inBuffalo New York!#VoteTrumpNY I am on my way! See you all soon! Thank you for a great day yesterday Rhode Island! David Brooks of the New York Times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue. I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening! Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone shipped to other countries. We now are part time sad! I WILL FIX! I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM! -- Donald J. Trump Thank you Anthony "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump" Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: Remember it was the Republican Party with the help of Conservatives that made so many promises to their base BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT #ArizonaPrimary message from #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential! Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price. I told you so! I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy! Thank you Bridgeport Connecticut!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class! No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so! All are very scripted and rehearsed two (at least) should not be on the stage. Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made! Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 THANK YOU IOWA! Highly respected poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!Trump 36%Cruz 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. Wow CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE connected best with audience. Also Time Drudge Newsmax N.Y.Times and more! We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today thank them! #RememberOurVets Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations! Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due. Thank you! Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same. I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 Video: Thank you! Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes known as Pocahontas bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite! THANK YOU Grand Rapids Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared. #DemDebate Join me in Rome NY- tomorrow!#Trump2016 #NYPrimaryTickets available: Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying). I will be interviewed by at 6pm ET tonight Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds great people. Going for a third now! Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no! Lightweight said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! #GOPDebate The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL Via and Jason Greenblatt "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs" Thank you! I miss my father. Wow my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof! I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly! After I will visit in Ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean. The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore! Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked. Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW! Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES! ...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud Thank you Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters! I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen! Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain What They Are Saying About GREAT Debate and Bad Performance… I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy! I will be interviewed on at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy! #Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada or get out of race THANK YOU! #Trump2016 Thank you for the nice words this morning Well delivered and totally logical! N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets the homeless and crime! Disgrace Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! My sons Don and Eric are on now 7:35. Great kids enjoy! Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice! Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. Hillary and Sanders are not doing well but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown. Alabama was great last night amazing people. 30000 folks was largest crowd of political season. Nice! Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you! We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it both the good and the bad. Enjoy! Exclusive interview w/ my wife tomorrow morning 8amE on w/ Enjoy! Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment! Wow the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son Very proud of So happy about my daughter announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations! New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: President Obama was terrible on tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing not all of the current disasters! We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country! I will be on at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz! Once again #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly. I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. agrees) Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of birth" It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans..... #CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate #NEPrimary #VoteTrump My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth. I will be interviewed on the at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy! Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch). On show now. ENJOY! Thank you South Carolina! You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump Delaware! Prior to the end of the year I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it. #ICYMI: this morning. The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me! Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision not someone like Hillary or Barack neither of which has a clue! We need strong tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant. #VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support! The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote e-mails etc. I have asked Secretary of State to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money he is their puppet and buy ad's. Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 "Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain! Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy! Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember Trump NEVER gives up! Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart! I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy! All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy but good. .#RogerStone was just banned by - their loss! Tough loyal guy. To the people of Kentucky Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead? Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll. “Special Council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because..... I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy! #VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!Closes at 8pm! Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico." Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd! Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete! The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU #CaucusForTrump #Trump2016 JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! "Her instincts are I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! Join me in San Jose California- tonight!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Tickets: Join me in Columbus Ohio tomorrow!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you to Tom Brady Coach Ditka Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive! Based on conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate. A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' Hillary said with respect to ISIS "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? MAGA! Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you After I will be visiting Aberdeen the oil capital of Europe to see my great club If I would have done the last debate a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also VETS got $6000000. Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown! Wow because of the pressure put on by me ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time! Every poll done on debate last night from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #WVPrimary #VoteTrump is changing their theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying is worse.Their phony poll is a joke! Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Texas Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO: LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule &amp; tickets: Join me in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets: Don't ever forget we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will be interviewed on at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY! I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; don’t be ashamed of it! I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming! By the way Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video. Just left Columbus rally of 14000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening incredible spirit in the arena! I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will! Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN Wow Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit! Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again! A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. Remember get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch... Explain to and who know nothing that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can! Thank you Piers they don't know what they're getting into. It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie! Thank you South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT During primetime of the Iowa Caucus Cruz put out a release that was quitting the race and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz. Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016 I look forward to being in Lowell Massachusetts today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun! Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening! I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy! Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12. Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated. Thank you Eric! Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you for your RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: #VoteTrumpSC Like the worthless looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money no cred! Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration. An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance including a watch list to protect America I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids. #GOPDebate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN Katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going a waste! Healthy young child goes to doctor gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases! Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th -- look forward to it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus THANK YOU SYRACUSE! Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads. Oh no just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan this one from Citi. Wow no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate. Discussing #NewYorkValuesin Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18000000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6700000. And they were on major network vs. cable! There are no buyers for the worthless but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser! When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls all first place are amazing. Thank you! Tonight I will be on with at 10pm and w/ at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016 Do you believe that The State Department on NEW YEAR'S EVE just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD! I am on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY! Thank you &amp; Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa with each candidate moving up one notch. CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will replace it with private plans health savings accounts &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer. Word is that crying left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock. WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016 Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back get caught and then deny it. Well welcome to the wonderful world of politics! South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it! Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton in 2008 worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch. I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting! Be careful! "Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis" #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you Florida! #Trump2016 Do you ever notice that lightweight constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated! Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night! I will be on live with members of my family at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight. Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH Voting questions? I will be live tweeting Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY! Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising signage materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb! I'd like to call JEB a liar but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2) I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday! The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel &amp; we will heel &amp; be stronger than ever before! Al-Shabbab not ISIS just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them which I must. Hillary lied! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Video: Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ How can he preach Christian values? Millions of $'s of false ads paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater and sleepy are now running in S.C. I am attracting the biggest crowds by far and the best poll numbers also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad! Thank you for your endorsement #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S. rather Airbus! Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration. has spent $63000000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 is PRO-LIFE PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 I want to do negative ads on John Kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money. Chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart! Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 Just leaving Knoxville TN --- what a crowd what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump. A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch boring and biased. said I would never run a dope! Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual but Hillary is not much better! The RNC which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC. The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad! I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy! Remember when failed candidate said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%. Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair! Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA I will never let you down! Why doesn't quote the new Iowa Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it! I hear that $$ man Robert Mercer a good man is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.? Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 Thank you America! post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others? There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 Sad sack has just done another ad on me with special interest money saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me. Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016 The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. New Fox News PollThank you Iowa! #Trump2016 #IACaucus #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpID! Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore! THANK YOU Council Bluffs Iowa! The silent majority is silent no more!#Trump2016 #FITN Thank you for the nice piece in / up the great work! Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans scam! Big announcement in Ames Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016 Thank you Newt! Thank you for all of your support South Carolina! #Trump2016 The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump! Raleigh North Carolina was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to and will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday1 P.M.in front of the Capitol to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran. is on the front page of the waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5000 people – no pic! Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD! Going to Ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate loves #ObamaCare--dummy! Great job and advice on Thank you! Thank you for all of your support Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016#IACaucus finder: Thank you for your support in Biloxi MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016 so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! “Government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan please explain to the very dumb and failing that I supported John McCain big league in 2008 not Obama! After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads. Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad! Word is that Ford Motor because of my constant badgering at packed events is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S. I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare including the mandate period. Heading to Baton Rouge Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it! Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: I am in Trump International Hotel Las Vegas getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly! I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt! The once great when headed by is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad! #TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong I don’t know to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan. Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40! Will be on with on at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5000 turned away. Thank you for coming! Will go back on for a final question now! Thank you so much to for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me! "A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt Remember Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks! Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding! Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution which naturally they did not get. has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again! “Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower” said Ralph Reed the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition. Mark Penn “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. Dopey Mort Zuckerman owner of the worthless has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon! Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST! As a presidential candidate I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue within two weeks a full medical report-it will show perfection Great news in Georgia! The just out Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary4/16: SYRACUSE - WATERTOWN - #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you America! #Trump2016Via I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement! “Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal....... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense Will be interviewed on on at 7:15 A.M. We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided! Thank you- Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpMI! I will not let you down! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video game violence &amp; glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters! Thank you Sparks Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder: Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Congratulations to my friend on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved! I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. Getting ready to take off for Nashua New Hampshire. Big crowd will be there soon. Fun! Lightweight is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad! I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also because I get a big percentage of the profits! Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you Robert. is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary! Oh wow lightweight Governor who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls just mocked my hair. So original! is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision. Getting the support of of UFC means a lot. A total winner who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight! Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video: Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!#SCPrimary #Trump2016 THANK YOU! #Trump2016#IACaucus finder: The Sarasota Florida rally today was amazing. 12000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen this is a MOVEMENT! I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt! Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters! Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you America! #Trump2016 Wow even lowly Rand Paul has just past in the new Poll. Jeb is at 3% I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain! MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP! Worthless which dopey Mort Zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! Liabilities are massive! Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! #VoteTrumpMS! THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served thank you for your special work. How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled "Blackish"? Can you imagine the furor of a show "Whiteish"! Racism at highest level? Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years! Something must be done with dopey - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it Karl is a loser As I have long stated we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A. Just found out that is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice but OK! New polls are great. The rally in Lowell Massachusetts was amazing. 10000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Will be interviewed on at 7:40. ENJOY! Great everyone is saying I did much better on last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad! Thank you General. #Trump2016 Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 The trade deal is a disaster she was always for it! #DemDebate Looks like is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so he will fall like all others. Will be easy! It has just been confirmed by the City of Mobile Alabama that there were 30000 people at last nights event making it #1for pol season. IPSOS/REUTERS POLLThank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for photo shoot. Join me in Redding California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016Tickets: Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016 I hope all workers demand that their reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out! Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpHI! Rumor has it - Pataki Kasich &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true they're so easy to beat! Jeb why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info? Heading to Manassas Virginia for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad! The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes. So sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting! Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister. - "Objectified" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy! My wife Melania will be on tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by - Enjoy! The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember his wife's employer and his lender is located there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like who is easy to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted! Thank you- Lexington South Carolina!#Trump2016 Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast! was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott. The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you! URGENT: we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage? I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain! When will the Democrats and Hillary in particular say "we must build a wall a great wall and Mexico is going to pay for it?" Never! Last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time he is out! Thank you #Biloxi #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016! Heading to South Carolina really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Cruz says I supported TARP which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet! The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads! Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration in favor of common core bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing. Thank you! Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible failed badly and was called a racist! Going to Columbus Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent! Rush Limbaugh is great tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016 I would feel sorry for and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points. A great morning with everyone Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016 Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes! Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.” Establishment flunky is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary. Heading to Biloxi Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016 Will be landing in Knoxville Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Remember wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader! The which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon today did a nasty cartoon attacking kids. Bad Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp; borders &amp; an inspiration to our Military &amp; Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp; total endorsement! The only reason irrelevant doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad! We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.#Trump2016 Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama &amp; the e-mails! Don’t like golf swing. Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity! Alex Baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond much funnier and a far greater talent! Happy 4th of July to everyone including the haters and losers! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol! Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. Thank you for your support last night Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics Everybody that loves the people of New York and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics! has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself. On my way to Cedar Falls Iowa now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa! #FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Brian Kemp who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement is campaigning tonight with Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders LOVES our Military Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor! Sadly there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue! unbelievable job on #FoxNews with That was better than I could do! #Trump2016 A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! AGAIN TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING! 150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal. Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE! I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare. Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! Ted Cruz purposely and illegally did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him! No you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down. New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. We need a real President! Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself! You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. I'm leaving now for Burlington Vermont. It will be wild! "Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" as per the show an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone. I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged" bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' Just won IOWA Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11% but reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won! has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 of Philadelphia who is doing a terrible job should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life! O'Malley as former Mayor of Baltimore has very little chance. Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks? Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper Thank you Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I am having a really hard time watching Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only has not reported this? Too bad! Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Totally unauthorized do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid! RNC was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case! the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch 9/11. New Reuters poll! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy! Watch show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: Should I do the #GOPdebate? 2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32 CARSON 12 BUSH 11 FIORINA 6 RUBIO 5 CRUZ 5. Taken after debate Wow the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice! I will be going to Sarasota Florida today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp "Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump" #Trump2016 In Britain more Muslims join ISIS than join the British ....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy! Wow new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 37 CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge! Jay Sekulow on now. I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it. Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today. I beat Hillary in the new Poll head to head. SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Jeb's big ad buy against me paid for by lobbyists shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic! Despite having a black president the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a leader this would not be the case I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core. I liked The Kelly File much better without Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation! Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money does another for votes. is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance! The hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate. A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016 Congrats You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me. The dying National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary! Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps will do better next year-but doubt it! It begins Republican Party of Virginia controlled by the RNC is working hard to disallow independent unaffiliated and new voters. BAD! The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips no more taxes"). GREATNESS! As President I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most. I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: The late great William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying National Review! Just landing in Knoxville Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time despite serious subject matter. Thanks everyone they all said I won the debate. Even won the Poll! Fox News PollThank you New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 It never ends! Great evening last night in New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big territory great people! Thank you. Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon! Hank Greenberg formerly of AIG gave $10 million to the campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy a total waste of money! Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN#Trump2016 #NHPolitics First candidate in Virginia with over 16000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Join me live- now in Las Vegas Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus ...Trump however would kick his ass! While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages one thing is clear: That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP. When somebody challenges you unfairly fight back - be brutal be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN! A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it. All I can say is that if I were President Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology! "Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration" Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily for her powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems. I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law in its entirety &amp; replace it w/ something much better. We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! Why does and always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette Louisiana this evening. Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned! Remember that Carson Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun! I'm protesting the from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved! In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of! New National GOP Zogby Poll#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Iran with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT! Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was until recently a Canadian citizen many believe he cannot run! The failing National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey 150 European Passports Seized." Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days. Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets. I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm! The failing destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead! My two wonderful sons Don and Eric will be on at 7:02 - now! Enjoy. Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer! Today's third stop- Londonderry New Hampshire! Thank you!#FITN #VoteTrumpNH My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg Oregon shootings. Great job on tonight begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him. The U.S. will invite El Chapo the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no! is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning! So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs good for the environment no downside! Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning! #FITN Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary I don’t cheat at golf but cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials! I'm going to be live with and to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to tomorrow night! As everybody knows but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine. Isn't it terrible that used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down but refuses to use it now when I am up? The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report? Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW! Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal! Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long too many people on stage! I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it! New Iowa poll. Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Melania will be interviewed by on now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY! "Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. What an evening in Las Vegas Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 Wow Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for African American youth - 51%. Thank you for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016 Isn't it amazing that paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13% 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump Tickets: Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on His word is always good! Republicans must stop relying on losers like if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart! Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016 Carl Icahn said this about me: "I think at this moment in time he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems." I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! &amp; his wife attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor "National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine Iowa. blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie! Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot she wants no part of Trump. I hope does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America! Join us! #CaucusForTrump11am WATERLOO: CEDER RAPIDS: Why does give so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. Join us tomorrow in Kiawah South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC#Trump2016 Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family. Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there. is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS! Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising! Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I think should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation. Via 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit: from Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night! #CNNDebate What is our President doing? Another new post-debate poll. THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33 Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump! Joy Behar who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings is even worse on We love Barbara! Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding. Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead. On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it! Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world? The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September before the Election? showed a focus group on me using a very bad word. I never said the word left an open blank. Please apologize! Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary tonight - 10pmE. Thank you for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: ....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel. #ICYMI: &amp; discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. I will be interviewed on at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! "Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough! Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right! I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money! Poll just came out amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36% a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks. New national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016 Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. A great night in Raleigh North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016 Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president! My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for the support South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 – don’t worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong! Thank you America! Together we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by on Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC Why is someone like George Pataki who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls allowed on the debate stage? just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out waste of time Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions. You can find your polling locations at: #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH Just got back from Iowa great people! "Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win"- I will be doing tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more. Good news disloyal stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! In the ridiculous ad about me Jeb is speaking to me during the debate but doesn't allow my answer which destroys him - SO SAD! Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American is a lowlife! #VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary The Republican establishment out of self preservation is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up! I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time! We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: Big news just out - NEW POLL TRUMP 39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18 CARSON 10 RUBIO 10 Hillary said such nasty things about me read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion no truth. Just can't read speeches! I will rebuild the military take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: I will be on FOX with the great tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016 Thank you New Hampshire!#Trump2016 Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them. The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before. Really dumb Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser zero credibility! A great night in Macon Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! is a total clown. Has zero credibility! Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you! Small crowds at today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers. Join us tomorrow night in Charleston South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016 Thank you America! Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology! I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems? Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor thank you! Heading now for Reno Nevada for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over! BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! After spending $89 million is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy! I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil. Why isn't anyone using the Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press Support Coach Kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him! When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon. Looking forward to being with at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal! New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! on He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro" On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown Thank you to I have always appreciated your courage but now more so than ever! A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice! Pictures of my beautiful mother amazing father and family hanging in upstate New York. Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters try getting a new publisher! I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers etc. Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd! Wow new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck! Great time in Burlington Vermont. Crowd was amazing. Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible? Thank you! #Trump2016 The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal. Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories. #IACaucus • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Iowa caucus finder: #GOPDebate Leaving for Mobile Alabama right now - can't be late! From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place! Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers. Will be at venue in wonderful South Carolina very soon. Big traffic back-up tremendous crowd! Will be wild. one of the National Review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that? Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs Iowa later today. Despite weather rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I had a great time in Des Moines Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina. Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech! A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb. I will be in beautiful Burlington Vermont tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Iowa was fantastic last night amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd very exciting such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello! Will be interviewed by tonight by phone- a late show first Enjoy! #Colbert #LSSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate Alan Dershowitz Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true! Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy! should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way! Why does &amp; waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show? Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem The failing should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles today2! Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5% Rubio 19.2% Bush 11.3% Republicans must stop listening to dopes like who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field so this! ....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care. Wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing crying lost soul! 20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel Washington D.C. Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people fantastic crowd! Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird she's being driven crazy! Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada? Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls! It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted! A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! Thank you for the kind words tonight You were great! See you soon! The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown! This story is no longer about John McCain it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans. I consider my health stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes! So so so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump#iCaucused A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Not good news for Jeb Bush Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. #DemDebate Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS CHINA RUSSIA etc. Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down! Failing lost all credibility. Not only was he fired FOX he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising! Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing theatrical experience! A message from #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video: Isn’t it amazing that paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration! I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm! Thank you! #GOPDebate MakeAmericaGreatAgain Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota So since the people at the have made all bad decisions over the last decade why do people care what they write. Incompetent! THANK YOU! #VoteTrump Hillary and her friends! Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 "Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' " HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks were GREAT! If the presidential election were held today according to this poll Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore. is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked! Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on tonight. You are a true champion! Thank - great guy! Thank you for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her great heart and smart - always wanting to help people! Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event. Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead! Thank you we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP virtually destroying both companies that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres. I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in! I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with this morning. Enjoy! Congratulations to of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you! Just remember the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in! I was so happy when I heard that one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune. Pure scum! Join us Monday February 8th the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 like it or not our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks! ...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM Just announced that because of "Trump" advertising rates for debate on are going from $5000 to $200000 a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY? .... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right. Great poll numbers! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter Heading now to Pella Iowa. Big crowd! Remember Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon! Dummy continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life! The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily on Many people in the U.K. agree with me! Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also my favorability numbers went up at a record almost unheard of clip. Thank you Iowa! Thank you Hilton Head South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out Poll. All negative! EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion’ Trump Can ‘Kick Down the Doors’ Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win! Done by a real fan! #TRUMP Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false report. I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates. We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun! has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all especially the millions of people who will be watching! Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; I had a great time in Iowa today! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! We have got to take our country back. It's time! Congrats to my friend who is doing next season’s Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity. We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 Another great poll result! Thank you! Wow really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch. Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months the media panned their cameras! Great poll- thank you Nevada!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 While I’m beating my opponents in the polls I’m also beating lobbyists special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions. This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing record low tempsand our GW scientists are stuck in ice Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow! (1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had. Wow! poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016 Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo' the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? .... Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening moderators did an outstanding job. One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly. New Reuters poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place! The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Story: "Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: Thank you- Nashua New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Happy birthday to my friend the great - a totally special guy! I wonder if and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad! I have been saying it for sometime now!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: Thank you - Farmington New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 "GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe" looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected? An interesting cartoon that is circulating. Getting ready for commercial. Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come first serve. Arrive early! How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH? #Trump2016 #IACaucus Tonight's official count--7943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. Thank you! #Trump2016 The great State of Nebraska can do much better than as your Senator. Saw him on - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols. Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people including Karl Rove losers-true! I never called my friend a loser- he’s a winner! reports that getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal! There is no way that Carly Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California! I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite! Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER! I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Discussing #SyrianRefugees with on back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS Join us in Sparks Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV Boy is this guy tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016 Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly mistake! Just received a copy of new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person. People ask "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me! Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician! Thank you for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time! We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad but New York City will survive! is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100% Thank you you finally get it! I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With this morning. ENJOY! Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. A very big thank you to Bill Donohue head of The Catholic League for the wonderful interview on and article in Newsmax! Great insight Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain but without it we wouldn't have roads highways airports schools or even pipelines. Hope we all enjoy tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly! I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money! is a nice guy but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and in particular winning! I fixed his rating problem. did great on television this morning. Poised smart and strong with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you! Why would anybody listen to He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the wayso did John McCain! How amazing the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived I love the Mexican people but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT! I watched lightweight Senator Marco Rubio who is all talk and no action defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic! Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: Incompetent lost it tonight on He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him! I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including and more. Too bad dopey lies! The failing does not mention the new Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman sad! is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more he endorsed Cruz. Highly untalented Wash Post blogger Jennifer Rubin a real dummy never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people? Thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain New poll by ABC News/Washington Post TRUMP 32 CARSON 22 RUBIO 10 BUSH 7 Wow how will the media put a negative spin on this one? Via "TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT"- After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate! The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History! When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S. they should not be thrown out of our country. Will be on News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary Enjoy Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected. Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security. The new Pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why I like him so much! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo: Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Just watched on television. Just another all talk no action politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen. Weak and totally conflicted people like shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock! so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina! Why doesn't phony tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying #Trump2016 #IACaucus Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany? is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz! We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! had a very good debate far better than Rand Paul. Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed. Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S. &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC just called me a blow hard! Join me tomorrow in Dubuque Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016 It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process! Heading to Sioux County Iowa where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again! Weak and low energy whose campaign is a disaster is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy. and very dishonest in not showing the new Poll where I am at 39% 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck! “What America Needs: The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord Available now. Thank you - New Hampshire!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University yesterday- No more Clintons or Bushes! I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon! Wow I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! Watch on NOW! Live from New York- November 7th! I will be interviewed on at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy! Once John Kasich announced he was running for president and opened his mouth people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud! Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him! asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100000 for himself.Phony I am on now! Tune in! Why does bore their audience with people like a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone! Just left Sioux Center Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow! Interesting polls on who won the GOP debate. Thank you Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message. Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on - way to go Pat way ahead of your time! Hillary there is nothing to laugh about- Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove a Trump hater on you would think I'm doing poorly. For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy! Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails virtually everything he touches. Romney campaignhis booketc. Why does put him on? Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN I will be on State of the Union with at 9am. Enjoy! Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed! should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude &amp; not be so focused on me! Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen!Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security! I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid Carson wants to abolish and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak! Pollster Trend National GOP Average223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW! New CBS poll. The legendary interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on . Don't miss it! Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio who has worst voting record in Senate just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA? I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you! Interesting article but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me! Join me tomorrow in Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday February 10th! Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert. Thank you! I wish the Wall Street Journal had reported the just out Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin13 points going up big! I would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date September 11th.” Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse? Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support &amp; this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy! is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14. One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great They have lost their way and are no longer credible. A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results. To all my fans sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love! I do not know the reporter for the or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago! I will be on the tonight at 11:30 Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul but his son didn't get the right gene. The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy! Many Super Pacs funded by groups that want total control over their candidate are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them I am interviewed on the tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00 I am interviewed by on Enjoy! I would like to wish all fathers even the haters and losers a very happy Fathers Day. The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders! On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya! I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"! I think everyone will like my new and very successful book Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think! Oh really check out innocent discussion on show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) Why would use as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope! A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). Wow I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from - 38%. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! said today on that "attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before." Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won! Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought You did a great job hosting Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words. I have been leading big in all polls with two more today and The NBC poll is more than double next at 29%. Fiorina has 11%. Wise words from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” Mary MacLeod Trump Thanks for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work! #Trump2016 #IACaucus The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.… Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens! Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact it wasn't even see through glass it was black Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day! Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill! is terrific at hosting on - he really gets it! Listening to on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show terrific guy! I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group many friends in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day! I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America! The great people of New Hampshire who I love are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper. I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day! Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see "Lincoln." Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight". We need a great leader- now! Heading to Birmingham Alabama and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild. Just released Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing Thank you Iowa! See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad! Will be interviewed on the this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics polls and whatever. Enjoy! I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget. Via "Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top"- Will be interviewed by tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and more importantly hope you agree! Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me? Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam! I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant. Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics! Thank you! #Trump2016 is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same. of the was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno Nevada. Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure! This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed. Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win! Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll" NPR's said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence. Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real" #Trump2016 John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame! Who wants the endorsement of a guy who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress? Thank you Hilton Head South Carolina! #Trump2016 THANK YOU America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 you were great with on tonight. Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe. Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many many witnesses. #Trump2016 Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place! Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch. "A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation." - President Ronald Reagan Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016UNIFYING THE NATIONVideo: Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people we all had a great time together! Like her or not Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft! Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart! had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands and they had real passion! Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about! I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include &amp; in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter and fast or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times! So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive highly unethical! Loved doing the debate last night on Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed! If their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isn’t questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win. An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M. #asktrump I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 is so off on Iowa which I am leading big in new poll. I will win Iowa. Also I beat Hillary easily! For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Under our President ISIS is gaining great strength- Will be on in 20 minutes on #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be re-tweeting some of your better most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff. Wow a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs it's what I do. Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system. Why is allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan? Donald Trump Sends to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. that is The failing should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump! John Kasich despite being Governor of Ohio is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic! Wow circulation in NH has dropped from 75000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads. In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain " Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims" #MakeAmericaGreatAgain So how did I do on Face The Nation? Why isn't using the much newer Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better! My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain! I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them. ....Dopey should be fired. begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100000 for himself—a bad guy! Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy! Wow Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you but the work has just begun! You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record almost all polls showed I won all debates. and should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED &amp; The Apprentice to run for President! Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days I am proud of you. When will people and the media start to apologize to me for my statement "Mexico is sending...." which turned out to be true? El Chapo When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some "ally." Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1000000 contribution. I said no way! Just leaving Nashville Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! Don't worry THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain After my meeting with the pastors it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there a beautiful movement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! Thank you I am going to Make America Great Again! I did interview with Chris Wallace of in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove Lane and Will three Trump bashers to discuss. Wow pres. candidate Ben Carson who is very weak on illegal Immigration just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship. Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran. UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH. Miss Universe Paulina Vega criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite I will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 on . Much much much to talk about! A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd amazing energy! The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 The Oscars are a sad joke very much like our President. So many things are wrong! My plan will lower taxes for our country not raise them. Phony says I will raise taxes—just another lie. We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans. Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN Will be on tonight at 11:35pmE on #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon! I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it. Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful! Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big! Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 People that have read it tell me that book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! should can him no credibility! Thank you to the for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening! Wow great post-debate poll: "Trump Increases Lead" via Breitbart I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end I believe the final results will be even better than that! Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him…. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Will be interviewed on the tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate and more! Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what! Just watched Cookie Roberts on Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something? While is an extremely unattractive woman I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct. via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum Made Him Stronger Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar RapidsIA this Saturday. Get your Happy Friday the 13th Incredible crowd in Richmond Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain Major Garrett of covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda bad reporter! Tune into the legendary at 10pmE tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour #ABC2020! James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? Let’s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at Great New Poll Joe McQuaid of the dying Union Leader wanted ads lunches donations speeches from me and tweets---very unethical. A great evening in Springfield Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016 Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL! Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. I will be the featured guest on the season opener of this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about! We better be vigilant careful and strong. Do you think knows about dealings? Actually I doubt it! In one of the biggest stories in a long time the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts perhaps 50000 all in prime time. Wow! Wow the MSM is really going after me. 12000 in Sarasota a love fest hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives! Great job on Fox this morning I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much! Between Iraq war monger dummy deadpan highly overrated among others not fair! With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it? The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it! Great job on tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class! Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other as I knew they would in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great Happy Birthday to the great He's done so many wonderful things not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy! Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didn’t say it he did. Apology? thank you for the nice comments recently especially on My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words. John focus on running your company I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers. I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview. I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to Does anybody think that will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad! When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1000000 they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been Colin great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy! Myrtle Beach South Carolina #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them just received: Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; on at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military! The dopes at the bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring! Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good but the words will be the key. Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S. They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start! and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost! Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow! Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! Why doesn't use the #CNN Iowa poll? is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels! Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals! Thank you for a great afternoon South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed! is slashing campaign salaries people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign how can he manage our countries finances? The phony Club For Growth which asked me in writing for $1000000 (I said no) is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites! Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates Melania and I just had interview with the legendary Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career Cheri Jacobus is incoherent with anger that her puppets died! Great Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job! Heading to Myrtle Beach South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about! Watching and consider to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased! is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future! Thank you - Michigan!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I will be on at 10:30. will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results I should do well-who knows? I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed on television lately and he was terrific hosting The failing newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid how desperate! Why does w/ allow a hater &amp; racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him! One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings Trump #1. Dope! I am in first place by a lot in all polls tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks Just finished speaking in Jacksonville Florida. Incredible crowd fantastic people. Thank you! had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign! Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned! I predict that dying newspaper which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid will be dead in 2 years! When will get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also. the most overrated anchor at worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15! Constitutional law expert #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled). #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work! Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon! President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you? I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. Paul Ryan is far from my first choice but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games! I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win. . #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe! .....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight! This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding. I loved beating John Kasich in the debates but it was easy—he came in dead last! Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself just keep fighting - in the end you WIN! Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman What a couple! Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun. Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd great people! Will be back soon! from Donald Trump: "I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!" Wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing How much longer will they be around? Some very untalented reporters. I will be on this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy! was not good tonight on He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy. The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk. Will be interviewed tonight by on at 10 PM. Enjoy! Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present! John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology! I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible! Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech! The Carson story is either a total fabrication or if true even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend! Rush I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks! I will be interviewed on this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about! did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough firm but fair. The legendary will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on at 6:30 PM. The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security. The dying newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out! An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at… Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. We need a strong leader- and fast! We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally the silent majority is back! At the Old Post Office- Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work. See the attack very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! To show you how politicians act Bobby Jindal spent $1000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste! If ever had to pay fair taxes its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The scam is saving it! #GOPDebate I find that is a far more professional operation than Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless however if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again! Interesting that criticized me but just paid $650000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists? The Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it! Poll - WOW! New Hampshire TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8% South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27% #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Why is the being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate? A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics People Magazine: "Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus What You Didn't See" Poll one of the most highly respected was just released. Wow wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy! Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow! I got to know well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future. The numbers at the are so dismal especially advertising revenue that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD! Thank you &amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa. Great poll numbers out of Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy! Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!! #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words I will be doing at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest! Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio READ THIS: The should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party. was GREAT today on She gets what is going on in politics and sees it very clearly. Have her on more! Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - he’s almost last. Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total and very expensive hoax! Will be going to Richmond Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there. Failing host a mental basketcase loves SUPERPACS - in other words he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists! Carly whose campaign is dead is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad. Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums Thank you for explaining to and and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls. Every poll Time Drudge Slate and others said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun. Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA! Wow said some very nice things about me today on with Chris Wallace. I am making progress thanks George! Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen just announced that I am leading BIG in the new Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend I won't forget! I will be on The Situation Room with from 5-7pm est on CNN #CNNDebate Winning the poll- Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%! 2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on with Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy Great interview tonight - very professionally done. Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess! Little I’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog! Mark--They could use you. I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours. A great night in Iowa! Meet me at and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! Why doesn't in his ads show my answer to his statement in the debate? Will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy! Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville! can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama! I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club) but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump! Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on . Probably true but not nice! I love that thousands of people are boycotting and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it! Thank you- Nashua New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #NHPolitics #FITN Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree! If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership! I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon) So nice of greatly appreciated! Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize? A wonderful story on Iowa voters by of the Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back! I had 15000 people in Phoenix but said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie Sanders had 11000 in same room. horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job! Thank you for your nice words this morning on It was a good night! Thank you for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it. asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class. on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 must have had a terrible vacation she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration! I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people! My friend of bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in! Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money! Going to South Carolina now great place SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday! I will be on for a interview today. Please join us 5PM ET. is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country..... I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept. Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016 People are really liking my new book "Crippled America." Check it out! who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch zero talent! NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! Exclusive: Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than #CBNNews #2016" I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people. Very nice article from Daily Mail My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country not lobbyists &amp; will have bipartisan support: .#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader! Heading to a packed house in Waterloo Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon! Joe thanks for not running! Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President. Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain Will be on tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question! If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered! Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent.... Total fool is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk no action dummy! I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive. Join us at 10pmE on with #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 So nice thank you Laura. I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair! Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP Just out wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped. Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's Mr. Amnesty endorsement.Rubs can't win Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry. Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job Thank you True thanks. Wacky who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job! should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy! Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART (2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! great job on Thank you for the very smart and kind words! Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root Amazing crowd outside Tune in tonight at 11:30. The is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble! Little Barry Diller who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie! President Obama you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership it can be done! Do it. A terrible deal with Iran! Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of. Gee with was getting terrible ratings then with me he set records - I saved his job but Chuck still not nice! CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38 Carson 22 Fiorina 8 Bush 6 Cruz 4 I will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about! Remember official campaign merchandise (hats apparel etc.) can only be bought at Be careful don't get ripped-off I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him! Great job on today. Very wise indeed! I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump watched on and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you. Too many people on stage for debate. at 11th with 2% in shouldn't be allowed to participate. I am leaving for Norfolk Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon! Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don’t miss it! Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time - but who knows maybe a star will be born (unlikely) is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly they are now irrelevant! Thank you for the nice words The debate was interesting and fun. Keep up the great work! Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate! Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN. It makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!) Per Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ... I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor! used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up? “God's word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - covers me more inaccurately than any other media source and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth! the poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others Time Drudge Slate etc. said I came in 1st. I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals Morning Consult poll: "Trump Leads" opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around incoherent. It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal in particular a real dope named Charles Lane! It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! Thank you Worcester Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016 What is Obama thinking? HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1. continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working! Great! Jusr watched #HarveyPitt on - he was great! "Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI" has one of the worst reporters in the business -- wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face. .....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him not good! No help from B leads to a mess. From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies &amp; leadership. Must win again! #MAGA I will be interviewed by on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy. Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ Vets mistreated NO border security? I’m with this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman Abu Bake al-Baghdad Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions Thank you Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. Thank you for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be doing this morning at around 7:00. Likewise I will be doing at around 7:00. Figure it out! I will be on tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain boycott They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration. Thank you &amp; -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also Rubio is hitting him hard! New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image not negative ads on me. Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! I will unveil my first campaign ads on at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49500000 people on food stamps. A historic record! South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon! continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one based on every statistic is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it! I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! … The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls the networks show polls that are a month old! Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R. Will in his phony advertising campaign show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate? Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ChrisWallace who interviewed me on Sunday had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations! So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT. Loved being in Manassas VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech will then visit Old Post Office under construction. When and how are the dummies at the going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals. Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends! and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else. I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0 A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead! I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns and their totally dishonest reporting. Fantastic job on tonight. is a winner! The failing news outlet which I hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest! did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both! Great news I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC I am #1 in NH by a lot #2 in Iowa close &amp; gaining. Not under my watch- said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show on Monday (2:30pm EST). John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp; energy! What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out. 3rd rate reporter &amp; CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked! So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken. I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT. is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future. which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something. Thank you Michael Harrison for your kind words - greatly appreciated! .ccolvinj is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage. Thanks Mark will be fun. was great on Thank you Pat! #Tump2016 &amp; should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you for reporting the truth. #Trump2016 &amp; Please thank Alisyn Camerota David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll. Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live! This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun. was terrible on yesterday. Angry and obnoxious she will never make it on T.V. can do so much better! Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: via Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! - So much fun last night! was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. not good for me! Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio "he's my friend!" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say "disloyal guy no friend!" Looking forward to watching the legendary interview my family (and me) tonight on at 10:00. Many things to talk about! Do you believe that is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results? What a waste of time being interviewed by when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue! The loses money (a deduction) and gives owner power to screw public on low taxation of Big tax shelter I will be on with tonight at 6PM. I will be on in an interview with on Sunday morning. So much to talk about! Carly not just you I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in. I hear is in big trouble. Unlike me his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show. Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget ahead of schedule! Big new Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with I will be interviewed on show! ... and many others. Drop to your knees Sugar and say thank you Mr. Trump. Why does the failing write a false editorial about me and let dummy make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper? Thank you for showing the was wrong. So dishonest! Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am #1 easily! Sad Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit. Join us in Iowa tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 3:00pm: 7:30pm: I'm on Bill tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! You were great on last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Record of Health: #Trump2016 Will be in New Hampshire and then on Special at 9 PM tonight. Will be on Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy! I am leaving for Sioux City Iowa - great event (rally). Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great. After Friday’s Twilight release I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again! Re Super PAC scam: What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace. “Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” The money losing is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers! Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1000000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads! We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again! - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate. Why wouldn't the call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly! Highly respected economist is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. Dopey who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks said last week on that Biden was in. Why does keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects! I have a friend that wants to meet your sister. Boycott no guts no glory. Besides there are far better stores! I will be on with from 5-7pm est. on one of the dumber bloggers only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio? Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats! Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%. Dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including Fox NBC CNN Zogby &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters. The refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used numbers where my lead is smaller. Thank you for the nice words on I will win and Make America Great Again! "92-year-old registers to vote for first time says will vote for Trump" My message MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs strengthen our military and borders help our VETS! The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years... Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it! Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! Joe McQuaid is desperately trying to sell the It's a loser and my comments haven't helped him much. final 3 on now. Great people great new owner WATCH. Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C. with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault Crooked has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds! A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner! Rubio was very disloyal to Bush his mentor when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate! It does matter! Martha great interview with my son -- smart tough &amp; professional. Thank you! Lightweight Senator should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him. Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental. It's too bad so few people showed up to Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd! Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me. Governor Kasich whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls is going to spend $2.5 million against me. I only said I was on four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings! The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! was FANTASTIC on this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health? Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion. The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius! All seven on-line polls including Drudge and Time with thousands of respondents said I won the debate. said I was "so so." The Tonight Show will be amazing - 11:30 P.M. ENJOY! Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. Captured or not all our soldiers are heroes! Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate You were absolutely great on Thank you. I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy! Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border! It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility. My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast! Big poll just out by has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again! Wow! What a great honor from Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow! Great job on Nobody could have done it better! Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences! "Trump Nears 100 days on Top" via The Hill The which loses a fortune is owned by for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich will have total control—know them well. Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries Quinnipiac University Poll Finds" has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him. Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect" caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true! Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate. Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney! Dishonest reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward… Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent! #AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. Does everyone remember and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I don't need his angry advice! Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State Poor doesn't have what it takes- Remember I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center "Trump’s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?" by Jeff Bell I hope the boycott of continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A. My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast! Via "Under Fire From Donald Trump Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida is pushing the around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials. Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting! After all is said and done more is said than done. -- Aesop I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach Virginia today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm back soon! works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do and those are the people you want to follow! Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire a truly special place! If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry home of The Duel In The Sun will be the worlds best after the renovation. Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll Illegal immigrant children non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate "AmyMek Amen! has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!" Today's Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door. We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal! The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST! Thank you It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. On with at 11:30 PM. Enjoy! We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again! Jamiel Shaw was incredible on this morning. His son who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant is so proud of pop! The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel D.C. (Old Post Office) The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you! Melania and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all! Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- #asktrump I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq. Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the there live at 7:00 A.M. New Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12! Why can't get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest! I hope you can go to and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks. I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! … … Will be interviewed on this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results! Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd great people. Thanks will be back soon! should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I "ran for president twice." Never ran merely considered running! Another great accolade for Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you! Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later. Also tune in to the at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign my new ads and #CrippledAmerica. Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy he would be hopeless in a debate with me! Had my best day ever in the polls one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe Monmouth NBC and CNN all great. More! Depression- be careful of China! House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare. Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in just watched you on Thank you for your nice comments. I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well! Thank you so much for the wonderful article Robert Davi. El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a vacuum cleaner sucking drugs and death right into the U.S. ... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone? I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many! #asktrump you did a fantastic job tonight on Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation! Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran. Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up! Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida I will make this right for our great Vets! Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. Amazing! Thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage! LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 I WILL BE ON AT 7:30 -NOW! Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! Will be doing with tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics. I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. Will be great to be back in Texas. At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both by and Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening! When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit bad jobs forecast a mess. Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans? Terrific response to my previous tweet: "I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM." … How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times. Will be interviewed by on at 10PM tonight. Enjoy! We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again! This is no "act of love" as Jeb Bush said… I'll be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now! Had a record crowd in Boone Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The should have an amazing team next year with Kobe Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch. Backstage with before opening skit- great fun! Thank you Great work on #Trump2016 Great job on tonight We are all proud of you! Also congrats on a great son - he is going places. I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good! is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail. Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis &amp; reporting. #asktrump Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster. Druggies drug dealers rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty? We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN! I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you. Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon! #TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the from this morning I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now! … … "Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump Carson and Rubio" … Via The Hill "No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally" The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true...just another hit job! I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00. Many things mostly bad to talk about! Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments. I will help the veterans like no one else. I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at Magazine. He is a total loser! ....likewise billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico through the border. We get the killers drugs &amp; crime they get the money! Wow so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID! Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. play a key role in their convention. My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit -- it is selling fast! Via The Political Insider: “Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!” According to Bill O'Reilly 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics that figure goes to 98%. 1% white. CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s I had a great time at #AskTrump Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble! Will be interviewed by tonight at 8 PM. Post-Debate via Thank you!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain It is time to create jobs for Americans not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again! I will be interviewed on tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy! #CNNDebate So lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve! While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries after having paid ridiculous amounts of money why did he pay so much in the first place? Someone should inform that despite spending millions of $'s on graphics it is not the Democratic Debate rather the Democrat (s) D! Carson now admits his friend named "Bob" who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!) no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name! New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32% Carson 13% Great job tonight on Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again I will be interviewed by tonight on at 10PM. Just did Will be back on at 11pm on Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin Iran China etc. Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt? Will be doing at 10 PM on As always with Sean will be interesting! horrible defense of me against highly overrated I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary! I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins &amp; so where did you find that dumb panel. The liberal clown told her minions at the money losing to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll. I like Mexico and love the spirit of Mexican people but we must protect our borders from people from all over pouring into the U.S. Watch Face The Nation - will be on now! Wow some new and even greater polls--thank you! Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of in Dutchess County New York (Amenia.) Great food! should release the letter they sent me asking for $1000000. When I said no they came out against me. A scam operation? Thank you to Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! #TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor #LaurenceTribe I will be interviewed on Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart Who by the way is totally overrated. Sadly the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed. Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many “really smart and elegant.” Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll N.H. TRUMP 28 (up 10) CARSON 16 BUSH 9 RUBIO 6 CRUZ 5 Press will say they are surging! Will be in Nashville Tennessee tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there! Thank you Colorado! An honor to win #GOPDebate Poll. Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds great people! Those who believe in tight border security stopping illegal immigration &amp; SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott I will be interviewed on Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well! A great story in the New York Post ---really well Losers and haterseven you as low and dumb as you are can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed! Interesting reading re September 11th In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President! I will be on live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Wake up Jeb supporters! I will be on tonight at 10 PM #Hannity Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure. Thanks. Would be nice if learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose but not good reporting! Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words. President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut. Thank you. Definitely watch ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants. The Editorial Board is so wrong so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate. Happy Father's Day to all even the haters and losers! 'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead! Via Who won the #GOPDebate? A great new poll-33%! stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their credit card. Thank you! President Obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS! Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic! - Thank you and great job on tonight! The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but &amp; is just plain dumb! Obama is without question the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood! With the fantastic ratings last weekend &amp; I think it’s only fair that I go on w/ Chris Wallace. BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! Also tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa. If this doctor who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africahas Ebolathen Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign! Will be on live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more! Re CRIPPLED AMERICA -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts! Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya' Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength! Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office... Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time he has paid a big and very long price! "Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump" via Washington Examiner Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years and has lost almost all of it's former allure! Thank you for your nice words for the nice words on with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016 I will be on with at 7PM. Tune in!#Trump2016 I told you just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit they would be doing far better! If you don't believe in yourself no one else will. was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! As President this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here. what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US Join me tomorrow Nov. 3rd at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don’t miss it! thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated! ...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country! Russia and the world has already started to respect us Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us. Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it he blamed ASIANS Will be interviewed on at 8:00 A.M. “No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs once launched never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on - Turn off the football for 15 minutes Make America Great Again! Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the A wonderful and talented guy! Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! "My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I’d rather build walls than cling to them" --Donald J. Trump Thank you nice! #Trump2016 National GOP Presidential Poll via 35.6% #Trump2016 I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! has no power but so dishonest! I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime but President Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Sotoro is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter! Thank you. Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.! #AskTrump You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend! Thanks. Jeb has been confused for forty years- It's driving &amp; the money losing post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me! Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy? I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on Ben is very weak on illegal immigration. It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again! I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs only good for Mexico. Will be on at 7:00 A.M. Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing (poll) and by a big margin. Dummy must be thrilled! Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. and at 7:50. Talking about my new book out today Crippled America. I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero! See I told you so Thank you for your very honest commentary. One thing we do have great teams in IA NH SC and beyond. Lots of great new polls--big leads! a Fox contributor isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. made the point far better! is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue! I will be on with tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016 Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more not fair to U.S. Great! "The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy" by Wayne Allyn Root. I will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans illegal immigration etc. A big POLL will be announced this morning on Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it Big win in Montana for Republicans! We Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen Scotland. Just got the five star award from Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also keep up the great work! The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false! on at 10:00 P.M. My honor thank you. Great job on this morning. You tell it like it is! Also thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great! We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic! It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming! Great! A great event in Las Vegas Nevada! LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! I will be on at 8PM tonight. Tune in! you were GREAT on tonight. Thank you for the nice words! My interview on with had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week. I will be interviewed on Face The Nation at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY! So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING! DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House .....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media! The Dallas event in two weeks at the American Airlines Center is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast before it is too late! Thank you for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a fan! Thanks You're great! Thank you New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense especially in Florida law gave the jury little other choice #AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from later this afternoon. "Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H." Thank you for the wonderful story. Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico! It should be a great game! Thank you for your powerful words on I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN together! Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk. I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast! Watch my live book signing now! “Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. We’ve given them billions and billions of dollars and what (cont) I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more! I will be doing the live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday Will be interviewed by on tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy! Few people know that is still in business. Tell your writer Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems. made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won! People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry. Political strategist Stuart Stevenswho led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victoryhas terrible political instincts! The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie! Congratulations Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call? Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border We need a wall! Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure. Join me today Nov 3rd in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it! Will be doing a sit down interview with on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers! Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. is a scam! Now that the ineffective Baltimore Police have allowed the city to be destroyed are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)? CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Great job on You made kooky Cokie Roberts and look even dumber than they are. You will be right! Thanks. The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool great guy. I'm going to send him $10 000-he deserves it! Via "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal" We have just begun! is a big contributor to . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s. Will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about! Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole? Watch my interview on Face The Nation now and also the new CBS POLLS which if good for me the media won't report! I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard? Nice story from The Emmys are all politics that's why despite nominations The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over. is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast. When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence. When candidate John Kasich on the talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid he was referring to Ben Carson. The event with me and in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent no TV persona and works for Bush—a total conflict of interest. Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin Wow 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough and fast! Thugs must be stopped. Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump! I will be on with tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on Enjoy! Will be on in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy! Wow great news! I hear of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT! Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll even crazy Marco good looking? Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise. Joan Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed. The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans! Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the WH. Remarks: Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments! LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be interviewed on Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20. ran into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to and good luck in the future! Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let’s Make America Great Again! "The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?" Our campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise. Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences. El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. #ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with on this evening. #Trump2016 Very nice - has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL! Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day! I will be interviewed by on at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about! I don't hate Obama at all I just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history! New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised you're a special person If I win the presidency my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare. is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent! A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing by the CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30 The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 Tune in to see me on with at 10am ET. Enjoy! Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by #OnTheRecord you were terrific on tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow. Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions! "I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely even. #TimeToGetTough (cont) Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at in Miami. I will be interviewed by on at 10:00 A.M. We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen! The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo! The latest book on Hillary—Wow a really tough one! I will be on tonight on at 8 PM and 11 PM. Was going to do a phoner this morning with on but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week. So nice thank you very much. Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America! Will be on at 6:30 A.M. Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite. I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s A great day in New Jersey for Trump! &amp; I don’t like bullies. I am not going to stand around and watch target the Tea Party. Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser. Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat so they let them in. A GREAT day! Thank you!! #Trump2016 LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference#Trump2016 Thank you for the nice and true words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!). Thank you Greta. Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way! Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy. My interview with &amp; at airing at 5PM on Thank you Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! ....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives. Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever! A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3 Will be interviewed on at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday! I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho! The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today. Welcome to second term. A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase should remain in Buffalo. My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators. Thank you! Today I will be rallying with with 15000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! "Exclusive--Davi: Trump The Lion We Need" Will be on at 8:00. Enjoy! The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. called them "crazies"--must apologize! Our online store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise. at 9:00 A.M. What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday massive overflow crowd. Love them! Will be on now. Enjoy! Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER! We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week I will be going to Atlanta Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking? Chris Wallace at 10:00 A.M. #asktrump should consider Gov McDonnell of VA Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job. Veterans please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address to share your stories about the need to reform the VA. Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative! Amazing! Thank you. Thank you for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on but is easy to beat! Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance Experts Say- Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart Will be on tomorrow with Enjoy! If and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform. My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me. True! Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass? Wayne such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much. great job - we are all proud of you! Via by "DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL" Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort Turnberry in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat. Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT! No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again. #Iran Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm. who wants to raise all our taxes only pays 20.5% on $790k salary. Do as I say not as I do. If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)! Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics Records 34% Favorability You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat they are severely wounded and then he wants $120000 to make a boring speech to them? It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster. Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America! #asktrump Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart! you can do much better than you did tonight on Better luck tomorrow! Thank you! at 10:00. What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska? Thank you and for all of your nice words and comments on the debate! When I was 18 people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18 was Barry Soweto. Weird. Thanks. You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now press release to follow at 12:15. Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet! Will be interviewed on with tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy! Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on Big statement made by Chris! Looking forward to joining Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser Thank you for your nice comments on A lot of progress is being made! Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker? I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S. Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt! Via at 7:00 A.M. Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider. #asktrump Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies! My interview with on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie very insightful. How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me be on TV discussing Trump? Via HuffPost Pollster #1 Flashback – Jeb Bush says illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” He will never secure the border. #asktrump Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback. just totally bombed on has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! Fox should dump Rove. Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing Magazine "Sloppy" Graydon Carter is going to be fired or replaced very soon? Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas The Football program at Penn State should be suspended. LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald All he does is go on television is talk talk talk but incapable of doing anything. Despite the false story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable. We have to make America great again! I will be interviewed on at 7:30 It is my great honor to send $25000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed Irrelevant clown sweats and shakes nervously on as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12. Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific. Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B! I’ll be on tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss! Enjoy. Matt Harvey -- Don't let the get you down---nobody reads it. Play well. No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win. They love a weak America that they can rip off. Ratings starved and does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard! Thank you Ted. Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website. In analyzing the Alabama Primary race Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election! "If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid." Thanks Walter D! I consider myself too perfect and have no faults. Great numbers from Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you! ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented. Show me someone without an ego and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego or high opinion of yourself is a real positive in life! Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: Why do people listen to clown on Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy! On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location) on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy! Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped. Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison! Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also watch on CBS &amp; #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday. The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading? A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3 Little Mac Miller’s next album may bomb. He can’t use my name again for sales. Our country has to come together. We have to start working with and really liking each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore. Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump" Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice. Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me we win in a landslide. talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard? Remember when guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns! We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial death penalty. Will be interviewed by on at 10:30 A.M. All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race. with had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice! is a nice guy but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil borrowing to the hilt and doing poorly in jobs etc. Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd amazing people! Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already! Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration! I will be interviewed on Sunday 10AM on CBS. is a true pro! It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave! Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP! We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again! The Mexican legal system is corrupt as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border Really interesting President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa! joined &amp; was asked about his thoughts on #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice! Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people now many thousands! ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY! thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated! Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good he was absolutely fantastic tonight! Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it it doesn't work- just makes you hungry. CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm live streaming! Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost! President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare thereby destroying their economy! Who is to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine! Congratulations on your great win--what a captain what a champion! I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose? My piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured" Will be on at 8:00 A.M. POLL TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22 CARSON 19.78 RUBIO 9.67.... COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY Statement on Relationship with NBC- Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! Thank you James Freeman of the for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger! What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant? Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need. There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome. With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office New York is pervert central! Pathetic I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy! really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget. Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox Sunday at 11:00 A.M. A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again! Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on MUST READ-"It's time people listened to Trump' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star" SECURE THE BORDER! It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion" Thank you readers- a great honor! I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on Enjoy! Who would you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford. Maybe I’m old fashioned but I don’t like seeing women in combat. Our online campaign store is open! Visit for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat! BREAKING NEWS: Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida California &amp; our gold supply. We get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka. For the sake of New York City all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward. Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on at 6:00 P.M. Thank you Isn't it crazy I'm worth billions of dollars employ thousands of people and get libeled by moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD. Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15000 people in 4000 code room. U were great last nite on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast! When you are in a war or even a battle losing is not an option! should not put on—he has no credibility a bush plant who called all races wrong. If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns at least they would have had a fighting chance. I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico! Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites! "Think of yourself like a one-man army. You're not only the commander in chief you're the soldier as well." – Think Like A Billionaire True. Thanks. Happy Birthday to my friend Will be interviewed by on at 10:00 A.M. Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid. has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump song—screw you Mac! Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts. "This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America" via Bloomberg Politics Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Rush Limbaugh: "Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration" If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM. For the nonbeliever here is a photo of in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years. Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent? The Mayweather decision is a disgrace! Well back to the drawing board! True thanks. NO WAY JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX? Will be interviewed tonight on at 10:00. There is so much to talk about! They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were except taller and stronger. A better statement! Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. We need border security! I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy! It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again! Set the bar high do the best you possibly can and believe in yourself—because if you don’t no one else will either. To EVERYONE including all haters and losers HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard be smart and always remember WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING! Thank you a very wise bet! Best wishes. We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy ISIS is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up. did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Via by “EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC” Watch at 9:00 A.M. Then interviewed on at 10:00 A.M. and then at 10:30 A.M. watch Face The Nation. Thank you. I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses. Thanks Larry. Best wishes. Focus on your goals not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone. Give me clean beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense. More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America! Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart. Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott Thank you for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool! Why are we letting the three girls who left the U.S. to join ISIS back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become! Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore you must be good! What’s funny about the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter. This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?! Wow just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts! We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency. As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming). Univision wants to back out of signed contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico. We should stop talking stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA! #asktrump Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart! A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall! Via RealClear Politics Via by "TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX" Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon. "Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." Bill Cosby is foolish stupid or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan. Obama better than last time but again wins. Good night. #debate in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE. The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all. Little have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference. I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesn't care! Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! Sleep eyes is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail! Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100000 fee and $20000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice! I hear show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice show would have died long ago. I'm on tonight &amp; 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain Iraq told us to get out Iraq is now falling and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL and I mean ALL OF IT! I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. It’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee. Congratulations to who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican Independent &amp; Democrat. you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted" Dated. No that's talent. My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very very sad! Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- I own Turnberry in Scotland one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail. Boycott and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #asktrump I hear that sleepy eyes will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long! Wow! What a great honor from “Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” Thank you. I am very proud of my sister your story was terrific. Thank you so much. I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain watched you on Made some excellent points. Best Wishes. The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore I played football and baseball sorry but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached. I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC. Rapper Mac Miller's song "Donald Trump" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big! Response to Huffington Post- Remember THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET! NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX? Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me! Just out the new nationwide poll has me alone in 2nd place closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again! Via “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing” One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople. I love India! Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't) say I went bankrupt (I didn't) say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth! So many people think I will not run for President.Wow I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy! Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her. Getting ready to land in Charlottesville Virginia at Trump Vineyards another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING! Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap? Once again the Bush appointed Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember! The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster! Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America. Entrepreneurs: Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business. Looking forward to speaking at the Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! Via by "TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL" .CNN &amp; Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating hershe was easy Huma should dump the sicko Weiner. He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him. The best social program by far is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader. Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately! On Anthony Wiener I TOLD YOU SO! Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple. Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade! Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) “If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God then we will be a nation gone under.”- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6 1911–June 5 2004) Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats! Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house. Love it! If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If notMexico would pay a price like never before! When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down. Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame! Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S. Are they controlled by the Mexican government? Where the hell is global warming when you need it? Via by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire” I am the only potential owner of the who will keep the team in Buffalo where it belongs! One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough. Tonight everyone is using that word! Smart move by having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the convention keynote. has written a great book Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it! My recent statement re: -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!… Watch my interview with on today at 11:30AM ET “You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – Think Like a Champion What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart! "When everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it." -- Henry Ford Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD! Mexico's court system corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S. “Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” via by President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf! Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done. Tom Brady is a good friend of mine a great player a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs! "EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN I WILL BEAT HILLARY’" via by Katie McHugh An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that is a really good person. Standing with Jamiel Shaw Sabine Durdin Don Rosenberg Lupe Moreno Brenda Sparks Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses. A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done! Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible really BORING! Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk. you copied incompetent incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy. What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past just plain bad! Thank you for your service! Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste! Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RT—out of kindness I retweeted. Maybe I’ll sue. I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future. Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure about as factual as “if you like your healthcare you can keep it.” True thanks. Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them at the highest level over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS! People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy! I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never ever give up! Thanks. Congrats to on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race ran ads in the Republicans lost. What a waste of money. Can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S. President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter Good luck! Enjoy. Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT! I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain. The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known! Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both! I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people! I loved firing goofball atheist Penn on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness. As I have long been saying South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather). Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me. If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive. “Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” via by Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused disciplined and alert every single day. If is dating again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch! Wow little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song "Donald Trump." Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it! No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact it is not even close! Many people have commented that my fragrance “Success” is the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. Try it &amp; let me know what you think! Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard who teamed up against me in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb! poll: winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% 10% #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain True! When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies i.e. Mexico and others. If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite you would still be having the riots right now! I love Bluffton SC what a great place -- what great people. Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp; he would be President. “RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS” Marco is a politician-he flip flops! Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us gone! Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up! Addressing record crowd Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday President Obama I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights. Sorry folks but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey Sorry folks I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry they will be around long after we are gone. The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head! "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." Albert Einstein I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke a dummy who is lost! Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man! How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the is reporting Bush "delight" - con job a Bush nightmare! Via “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America. Dear Thank you so much for your nice words today on Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house! I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers. Bill your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar! Thank you to the greatest heroes #DDay70 #WWII has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly probably doesn't have long to go and his predictions are always wrong! We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax! The ever dwindling which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for is always hitting me politically. Who cares! Many Syrian ‘rebels’ are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria! "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill Good luck tonight Floyd. Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE! Sorry is a mentally sick woman a bully a dummy and above all a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful! My response to the failing Des Moines Register the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers is causing havoc. If he lives prosecute! The Country is being run just like the stadium. It is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now! “30000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP” via by Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly. The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better! despite your coming to my office to give me an award your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart! Thank you. Remember new "environment friendly" lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care. Thank you for your commentary last night on Very fair -- we are making progress together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Glad to hear that will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5. Taylor is terrific! I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win lose or draw I’ll be there! I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me. Just watched Bill Belichick’s news conference. He did a great job—smart concise truthful! Our nation is a once great nation divided! No cuts to welfare no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad! knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets! Thanks Geraldo you're a champion. Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough! Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic! must apologize. My statement "we're going to get them out so fast so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser! Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters. My int. with on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video that includes clip... #thedailyshow If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately. I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.! Thank you Piers. The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." Act fast! Via cnsnews by “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not! The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so! Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy nothing is but it can be done. Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World! Thank you. wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. Has anyone seen the financials of They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny! Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD When nobody wanted the UFC I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job! Being tough doesn’t mean being nasty difficult or unreasonable. It means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up. Thanks. I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good! Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots! Obama stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)? If Ebola is so non-contagious how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly! You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support. Best wishes. Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us Wow new preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you. I’ve always been a fan of Steve Jobs especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly. Whoever wins today remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again. Be sure to get a copy of new book American Hunter. If I’m the third most envied man in America the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas. It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone! Response to Hillary Clinton- Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice! Via by “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida” True. The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela Monica Spear is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman she will be missed. The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other! Get well soon Joan - keep fighting! of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office. Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING? Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars Totally false reporting on my call with Priebus. He called me ten minutes said I hit a “nerve" doing well end! What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot Thanks for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said you are a terrific guy! After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame! 14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = "COME ON IN" On 9/11 we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom. Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day year and life! The World with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place! Happy Veterans Day to ALL in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!! Via by Katie McHugh:"POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER" Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?! We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our President’s stupidity! Remember the harder you work the luckier you get! If America was under the threat of imminent attack would Obama use torture or a kiss? President Obama NOW bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa before it is too late AND STOP THE FLIGHTS! Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes “Always remember: Dress for the job you want not the job you have.” – Think Like a Billionaire "He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." -- Benjamin Franklin When someone attacks me I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather a way of life! Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. "Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression." - Think Like a Champion Get ALL the info then quick trial then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind. True thanks. These Islamists chop Americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA not persecuting them. I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows while strange that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing. The games are so boring now that actually I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games too many flags too soft! just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means. is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via )" " At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! Look how small the pages have become Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume! I like Russell Brand but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not. watched you on You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now! Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha! Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum! Russia is on the move in the Ukraine Iran is nuking up &amp; Libya is run by Al Qaeda yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings. Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think? Sadly I will no longer be doing at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE! continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty “He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - Muhammad Ali The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1 hopping &amp; bobbing all the way is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall! Obama said he never met his uncle Oscar who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES! While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)! Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal O.K. Christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus focus focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory! While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win! Thank you. Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fearwe are a NATION OF POTENTIAL True! We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us! THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET! Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what wanted? The reporter that called Kevin Durant "Mr. Unreliable" should be fired or at least apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner! Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening! Statement on John McCain- Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in send them to Gitmo. Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there. Thanks Lou. Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers. We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning. Respect! I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID! Little I want the money not the plaque you gave me! Romney strongly stated in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct! I'm not against vaccinations for your children I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp; autism will drop! Entrepreneurs: Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory. Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic. The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night. The Chinese are happier with the election than we are. Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal Our country is totally fractured and with our weak leadership in Washington you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE! Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly she is as guilty as it gets CNN: "New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up" Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights "Government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality. Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees. Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday Get ready for tonight at 8- always interesting! FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran" via Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING. For all of the haters and losers out there sorry I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people! who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on really knows his stuff--a total pro! Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton. The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the because of me! Young entrepreneurs – never back down. Take the hits and get up. That’s what makes a winner. If you fail once twice three times it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is! Thank you for the great job you did on Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down. Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive! How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY! The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's! Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family Isn't it ridiculous starting today new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies! We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out This may be the worst football game ever played by one team Denver! Hard to watch. Carl Cameron is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it! Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination. Via by “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” Via "Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate" Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website! #Oscars. The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa! You shouldn’t have on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy! You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember they all want to be YOU! It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD! "Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently." -- Henry Ford How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison? Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back! Can you imagine we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership! Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated! LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned to change its name.He needs to focus on his job! Via BreitbartNews by “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola! To aspiring entrepreneurs always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder! Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing. Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way I am not a fan! Remember when you vote Obamacare is a disaster! “TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’” via We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf. My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka! I will be on this morning at 8:30. Enjoy! Young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work success will follow. Keep your focus! Via by "Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban" is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him. You can be an player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE targeted Tom Brady. B.S.! Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Don’t ever give up The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.! Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. Have some fun with this- Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S. AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE! “Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.” Dr. Benjamin Carson Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact! Al Sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". Which is worse his grammar or his thoughts? Wow did the fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business. The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong. My offer still stands to buy the property. Good deal for everyone. Thanks Eric. I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory! Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions! Letter to - Re: The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge! When you’re in a fight with a bully always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard &amp; hit fast! was fantastic tonight on Thank you we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid Trayvon (cont) The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to sleep. Dead T.V. is much smarter than sleepy eyes Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters. Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron! I was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP! Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings. With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 12:01 AM “NBC FIRES TRUMP KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way” via by You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning - Not surprised! Rosie is crude rude obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much! It's time to let Pete Rose the all time hits leader into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!! Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities. Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success. Benghazi is bigger than Watergate. Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die. Kick him out of office tomorrow. Who do you want negotiating for us? Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style! Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept. The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game! Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity? I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble! "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan. While Jon Stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad! As stated here is the press release. In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops! Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner. Fact – the tighter the gun laws the more violence. The criminals will always have guns. I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Via by Ben Graham: "Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim" Obama must now FOCUS get his mind off "March.Madness" and LEAD! Watch Russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare! It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now! Via "WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE" That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth! Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription? Who is this guy? Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation. We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians ENOUGH Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it! ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4992343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE LESS THAN 50OOO NEW SIGNUPS. Thank you for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again! As a big job creator I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate. How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed! “If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter.” - George Washington I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming too boring too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things! How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night? Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit. I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad. With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference he didn't say what we all want to hear"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS" Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill Weak newscasters are asking "is there a racial component to knockout attacks?" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse! I went to Wharton made over $8 billion employ thousands of people &amp; get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on twitter...! The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation. The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first. Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific If I run I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again! Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies! Remember Univision apologized! Personally I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry. President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi? Obama admin. called "chickenshit." Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer. Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed. "Donald Trump the Song" gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered? I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1 at a cost of millions of dollars a day for the purpose of politics &amp; play! Watch me on the tonight at 8PM. Always remember I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't McCain couldn't. Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Via “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked” My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud! Will be interviewed on at 7:3O. Enjoy! There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine Obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously made bad choices and GOT HIGH" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard? From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what. I hate what has happened to the once great Via by &amp; "Disavowed by GOP leaders Trump has supporters Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence? It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal- I don't know if Hillary will be able to run she is a walking time bomb! “The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vince Lombardi I’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell! Via by "Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix" People often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple: passion focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going. Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – Think Like a Billionaire Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them! Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs. who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% No wonder boxing is close to dead! We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place? Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza. While I won't be running for Governor of New York State a race I would have won I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned will happen! Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say "Robert drop her she cheated on you &amp; will again!" My daughter Ivanka will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester NH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite. "If you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - Think Big Something very important and indeed society changing may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS! 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'” via by Jason Devaney Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Obama just said was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility. Now that Mitt is gone all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run—and we will win! “The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - Albert Einstein As Governor of Texas Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K. I like him anyway! Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope! I don't care what people say I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars. “You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO. You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist? “A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. Morgan Never bet against Bob Kraft Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! “To be successful you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.” – Think BIG Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America. Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal. I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son Beau. Met him once great guy! The only reason I bid on was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo where they belong. Mission accomplished. "If you're going through hell keep going." -- Winston Churchill much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer. Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace. Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal just business. Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. Keep your focus positive. Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. is looking strong and sharp. You talk tough Mr. President but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy. "All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you." - Think Big When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal waythe report on torture should be the least of our concerns We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless! Focus on your goals not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time over time. Wow 25 degrees below zero record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone? To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time. looks much stronger and much more Presidential! To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others. Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes Reagan's presidency looks better and better. Watched chief negotiator for Iran on last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk! Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” via I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower! Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website. For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go. Pervert Alert! Serial sexter has promised to use twitter as a “tool.” Parentsmake sure your children have him blocked. Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns! Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short. I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up! Ask yourself: "What can I learn today that I didn't know before?" Always be a student always be open to new ideas. I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star. It’s okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life! Without passion you don't have energy; without energy you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion! "May God have mercy upon my enemies because I won't" --General George S. Patton Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus don't give up and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it! I was never a fan of Bush in fact he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president can't get any worse ... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better. As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson! Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory Focus on your goals not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge. Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don’t no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. Laura--Massive crowd had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies! What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year! The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is! America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB Obama is a community organizer. Unfair. My #GOPDebate question for the other candidates- Entrepreneurs: If you cannot handle the tough times you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong! "Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt." – Think Like A Billionaire Thanks. "Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -- Winston Churchill I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope! You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill It’s amazing how people can talk about me but I’m not allowed to talk about them. Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems Via by “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail” It’s the Bush way! My motto is: ‘Never give up.’ I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal. Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from. Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever! Again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America! Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a cover. Thanks. Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$! Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that. Becoming a US citizen is not a right it’s a privilege. Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love. THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful. Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin but massive budget deficit. Education roads etc suffering. lies. was very nice to me as I am to him on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works be it a rocket or website. HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all even my many enemies (sometimes!). Without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there. must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology! Have a fantastic beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then when Easter is over have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up! Merry Christmas have an amazing day! Remember if you don't promote yourself then no one else will! Likewise believe in yourself--or no one else will either. Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One. Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall. Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island! Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare? &amp; did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep. Via “See Trump Told You So” I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it. "Don't take vacations. What's the point? If you're not enjoying your work you're in the wrong job." -- Think Like A Billionaire Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree in a signed formal instrument to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies! Dopey O’Donnell whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool! The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable "Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass." - Think Big Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open one of world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Arriving to check out the border. The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil! It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens. Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya who owes me lots of money Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant. The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer! We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian ‘rebels.’ What is wrong with Washington?! You’re just not getting there Sometimes things just don’t work out but don’t worry--- no problem! President Obama be cool be smart be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness) and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE! Great job we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST! We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great! New jobs report: 432000 left workforce manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - We need leaders who understand business. "You're never a loser until you quit trying." -- Mike Ditka Remember if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success let people know about it. Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters. Via “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” Joan Rivers had great talent but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion! Entrepreneurs keep this in mind:"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds." -- Albert Einstein Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China Russia or wealthy African oil nations Thank you Greta. Only a fool would buy the Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die! should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career! I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor. Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez. If you can’t see it you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive! I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots? Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected! “Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them.” Anonymous Entrepreneurs: Ignorance is not bliss it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch listen and learn. I will be interviewed by at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy! Thank you I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show! Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either. Via If you read my last number of tweets only one opinion can be formed - that our President and therefore "leader" is grossly incompetent! Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character motivation and bring opportunity. “What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life.”- Think Big President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on themnot nonsense "Without passion you don’t have energy and without energy you have nothing!" Just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well. Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority. Let Pete into the Hall of Fame- “Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big Isn’t it ironic that President Obama of all people is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!' "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. " -- Mark Twain Obama sadly has no business or private sector background---and it shows. "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." -- Mark Twain Thank you Wayne Root -- we will By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy? Great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. That’s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays. Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance. “Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” via by &amp; Remember politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all! For entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized or get crushed. President Obama is losing on so many fronts in fact all fronts that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead! The United States under President Obama has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage! “The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer! "It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." Be careful of voter fraud! Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day! There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion? What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion! “When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan "Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression."- Think Like a Billionaire “Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP! I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will fight hard for victory if I do! "If you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic." - Think Like a Billionaire Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda. The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS! I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars President Obama's approval rating at 38% is at an all-time low. Gee I wonder why? It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING Just been informed by want to extend the run of the by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live. Have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind. Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food. Now AP is banning the term "illegal immigrants" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing! “Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a Champion My two sons Eric &amp; Don have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers! What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it! Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers! Winner of Celebrity Apprentice amazing woman. Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself you can do it. Think Big! Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun! My father's 4 step formula for success: "Get in get it done get it done right and get out." -- Fred C. Trump I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice! It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there. China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection. They have never had it so good. Will own America soon. We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better). Response to the Des Moines Register- "I've never seen anything like it everything he touches turns to gold!" So nice a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!). That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those suffering! What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess. Go to work today be smart think positively and WIN! TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker! Great shot by yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure. Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops. This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support. "We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." #TimeToGetTough Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill Most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning. The Art of the Deal “Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.” – Rev. That was a great football game. There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell! “Remember to keep going: if you stop your momentum will stop.” – Think Big President Obama we need to protect our closest ally Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point. I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now! Thank you Jacob! I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.! Via “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” “I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.” -- George S. Patton Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country. Make America strong again. Vote for Hey is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon! Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low! #TrumpVine Where is the money The worst show in Las Vegas in my opinion is Hokey garbage. New York show even worse! Snowing in Texas and Louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax! So many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports! Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back. Today is armed forces day. Thank you to our military service members! I love you all! Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads airports bridges. I know how to build pols only know how to talk! “The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care! The entire country is FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high. Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100% he should be bunker busted to hell. What could be better than dinner with and me? “I can accept failure everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan The movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch. Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan you can keep your healthcare plan.” Via President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us! AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. “I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall! "Money may not grow from trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains." - Think Like a Billionaire Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it! Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Today in history WrestleMania 23: I shave hair--highest rated show in WWE history Without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing! Via Huffington Post "Congrats America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner" by Igor Bobic Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over. “I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.” - Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them Tom and make lots of $. Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business. #1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. “If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “I was born in Hawaii.” Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will! “Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on.” – Think Big came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice apology accepted! Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom “Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.” – Pres. John F. Kennedy "Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton "By failing to prepare you are preparing to fail." -- Benjamin Franklin You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. Paulina Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A. #3. Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard! Remember all these ‘freedom fighters’ in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings. Al Sharpton loves "Trump" because he knows I get him others don't! Check out picture. We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't. Druggie A-Rod biggest fraud is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us. would have voided his contract. “Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent. Always think big! Have a happy successful and healthy New Year! They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem. Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast. Be passionate. If you love what you're doing success will follow. I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again I was right. "The road to success is always under construction." -- Arnold Palmer Wake Up America! See article: "Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake" If Obama is concerned about the border he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration. Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill "Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson "Just be tough be strong be willing to learn – and you will learn. Don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." Think Like a Champion Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this? Entrepreneurs: Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business. Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader! I’m a conservative but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other whereas liberals unite to win. When times are difficult you must be even more focused. That’s when you will find profitable opportunities. “Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” – Babe Ruth We “Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money.” - Johnny Cash Sexting Pervert has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately! If you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent. Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars. Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum. Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing. I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said "Mr. Trump it is an honor to meet you sir!" Nice If you really want to succeed you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious. #1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party. Politician didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore. Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing. Wow it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE! Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for! Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough! As usual the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time energy and money! I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "Trump" poll numbers are high. Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them. "You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself." -- Think Like a Champion I hear that dopey political pundit Lawrence O'Donnell one of the dumber people on television is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad Wow—Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagree—I am very modest. "There’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - Time To Get Tough I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich. If elected I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! Via World Tribune "The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela "In the general course of human nature a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will." - Alexander Hamilton “Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.” – Think Big Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for! Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY jobs healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again! Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan.” A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire Half the players on will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke! Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching Then he plays golf fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals. Via March2013: Jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” Lying on campaign trail! So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell! I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion sorry They now say using the word "thug" is like so many other words not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL! Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s birth certificate?I got him to release it or whatever it was when nobody else could! Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway so you might as well think BIG! Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead! In politics and sometimes in life FRIENDS COME AND GO BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE! As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! “If you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein If you're passionate about your work you will never give up. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue. What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise? Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say! Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS. The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent! couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t! Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon. 30000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful though highly incompetent government. So stupid! "You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - Think Big Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… Message to Edward Snowden you’re banned from Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice! "An investment in knowledge pays the best interest."-- Benjamin Franklin Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not he doesn't have "it" It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming we need some fast! "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albert Einstein "If everything seems under control you're just not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed! You know what is the worst part of Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars. Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit I wish the stuff worked. No matter how far down a path you go if it's the wrong path turn around and go back home - before it is too late. Entrepreneurs: Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals! Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats don’t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead! “The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life. So if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps.”–Think Big Wacko pervert idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. He’s an insensitive racist. attacked She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like O'Donnell a total loser! "Donald Trump" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business. Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire. Via by “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead! Entrepreneurs always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with true loser. “If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.” – Milton Friedman “Do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – Think Like a Champion Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't no one else will either. USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine “All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney I don't know what it is but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya. President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter! Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks. Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast! For all of those that think life is easy &amp; don’t want to work remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD. In making big money knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient including money itself! Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed no interest last place on Earth I want to go to. Great read: “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” We should stay the hell out of Syria the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO “When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing! I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE “You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – Think BIG Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job! The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews. Thanks. China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us and if we don’t get smart and tough soon they will. Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings. The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with open support. "A house divided against itself cannot stand." --Abraham Lincoln Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong? The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families! I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory. “The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur your most important job is to choose who works with you. “Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire If your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you. You want their respect not their friendship. "Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!" - my speech The Zimmerman trial is over. It is time to move on. While Zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on. For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great Charles Bronson-no more crime! "If you can't say great things about yourself who do you think will?" - Think Like a Champion ....... I disagree but it's still cool. “Peace is not absence of conflict it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan “I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.” - I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad! To aspiring entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. If you're going to be thinking you may as well think big. Remember if you don’t sell yourself no one else will. Make sure the public friends &amp; the business community hears about your success. Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire a dream a vision. Muhammad Ali Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?! Thanks Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea! Obama is giving Social Security &amp; ObamaCare to illegals yet wants to cut military benefits Disgrace! I watched Russell Brand on the show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser! Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. "There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing say nothing and be nothing."– Aristotle …..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan never saw the guy in back. - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning! Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there! The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?! WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE! We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending? The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it! Great segment with "Breaking Down the Trump Factor" Let's Make America Great Again! "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill Persistence is a key for success. Don’t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals. An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again. To be a winner think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks. "Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light." --George Washington Work is fun deals are fun life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud. Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell! M.M. is a good choice - also nice guy! #Oscars “Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.” – Think Big “Learn to think continentally.” - Alexander Hamilton Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up! "The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do." -- Steve Jobs Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help always fails. I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams! Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife -- a truly great decision by me! SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE! "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albert Einstein “Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin Coolidge didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him. Enjoyed watching analysis of my interview. Great points! Thank you Monica. "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -- Albert Einstein If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable. Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens you're responsible. If it doesn't happen you're responsible. If the working proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views the U.S. as we know it is doomed! Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. "Never never never give up." - Winston Churchill Mayweather is getting absolutely killed! Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus. 7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' No surprise. “America is too great for small dreams.” — Pres. Ronald Reagan We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive “Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.”- Ronald Reagan Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by. Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden ObamaCare VA Russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more Entrepreneurs: Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business. “If you can accept losing you can't win.” - Vince Lombardi For great success you need passion but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert. Please send me your new number your old one’s not working. Sincerely Donald J. Trump It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do! It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold “Money may not grow on trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains.” – Think Like a Billionaire The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television. My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris. It's not climate changeit's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work “The only source of knowledge is experience.” – Albert Einstein Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem. Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution not the problem. “You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing! "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."-- Thomas A. Edison Entrepreneurs: Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge then be in charge. Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming? Pervert alert–serial sexter is making another step towards a comeback All girls under 18 should block him. Understand that difficulties mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet. This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING. I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said "we have a black Muslim in the White House." Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be truly great again! Our country is being run by total amateurs. Let’s just call it “amateur hour.” HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ENJOY YOUR DAY! Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up! I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause Obama’s war on coal is killing American jobs making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage. They are great people! Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- Thomas A. Edison I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE Massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$ The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain Leadership: Whatever happens you're responsible. If it doesn't happen you're responsible. It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it. To get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity. Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?! It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent. When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence therefore is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle Mr. President tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR as a sign of good faith &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions Always pretend that you’re working for yourself. You’ll do a wonderful job. It’s simple but it works. HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY! Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico no friend until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S. Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work success will follow. People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool. "I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell."--Harry S. Truman To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals remain fixed on them. Set the bar high! "One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again." -- Henry Ford Advice from my mother Mary MacLeod Trump: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." "God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better." --Rev. “Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther.” -- J. P. Morgan “To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- Think Big “Think of yourself as a one-man army. You’re not only the commander in chief you’re the soldier as well.” – Think Like a Billionaire We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africa—before it is too late. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them. Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day. Busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs. Sorry I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)! In order to be successful especially to be very successful you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure! You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein "Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare." -- Dale Carnegie Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't no one else will either. "The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure." - Sen. Obama 3/16/06 We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone? Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again. Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT. Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+. If America unlocked its energy potential we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back. Obama attacks the CIA for waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs. “If you want to be successful at anything in life you have to be able to handle pressure.” – Think Big "Everything you can imagine is real." —Pablo Picasso The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST! The harder you work the luckier you get. -- Gary Player Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow what a miscarriage of justice that would be! Remember China is not a friend of the United States! ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK! Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States! "You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- Think Big “You can’t con people at least not for long. If you don’t deliver the goods people will eventually catch on.” - The Art of The Deal Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader. Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong vote for The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer A great article by out the truth on Mexico trade the border &amp; illegals. Thank you Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie announce that ObamaCare was a mistake and deal a really great plan! In a little reported event China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington! Our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA In moments like thiswe are all just Americans. I join with the President religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today. now I know you're smart! See you soon. #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN! What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy! If you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate then it’s time to THINK BIG and plan your next step… “Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald #2. Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. "Show me someone without an ego and I'll show you a loser." --How To Get Rich If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S. To all young college graduates – stick in there keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities. They are out there. The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules. Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal. Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Just terrible! #Oscars Via by “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” Be focused be disciplined be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification. I just saw the movie "Unbroken" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding. Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! "Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway." - John Wayne Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen. It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast! It's now CLIMATE CHANGE So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders 30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months Time for fair trade. Stop TPP! “TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. Edison More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree. Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you. Denver Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this? So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy especially next 10 years! The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets. P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all! Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death! Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada. Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you. A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you. “Trump Gives 'Em Hell” via Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare. Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins. What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader! Be tough be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them. WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel. All the haters and losers must admit that unlike others I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that! #2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. "Never ever quit never give up" - Donald J. Trump The Art of the Deal. China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers. has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead. He deserves to be in the Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort. Via by "Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration" Entrepreneurs: Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it. "I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance."--Steve Jobs Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635000000 WEBSITE! A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning. Remember no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesn’t come overnight.But if u work hard &amp; love it u will find success &amp; luck. Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities. Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.--Thomas A. Edison It takes "guts" to win! Winners never quit and quitters never win.-- Vince Lombardi "Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results." - Think Like a Billionaire Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race. "Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." Henry Ford Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower. Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going. Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION! Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers. A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates.... So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now on top of everything else we just hit $18 trillion in debt! Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking? Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals -- and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres the politicians whine! Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast! Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always opportunities. If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama. The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare! Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars which they won't or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion! “Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. And as we have learned from ObamaCare Washington only makes things worse! Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. “Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire You were born stupid! WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump." "Remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive." - Think Like a Champion “There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy. You have to love what you do.” - Think Big “I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch' Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up. Wow I’m at 2200000 followers but I’d love to get rid of the haters &amp; losers—they’re such a waste of time! “I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around I want to be in control of it.” - Clint Eastwood “If you want the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH! Negotiation tip: Be patient be persistent be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow! “You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth “If you’re still in school pay attention. Education is a money machine.” – Think Like a Billionaire Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow! “Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?! Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn Black Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt! Young entrepreneurs – Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence. Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same! Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower Patrick Kane for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series. Focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear. Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name! "The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Pres. Lincoln Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead Putin laughed at him and reloaded. The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain “Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan it's time to Make America Great We should be focusing on beautiful clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air It is terrible that neither Obama Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s. Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care! In war the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing. You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many many times to over $10 billion-is bad? Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died. song “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway. “Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.” -- Congratulations to on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims 'birth certificate' is fake Speaking to great patriots My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of He is useless. Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of for exposing the Manti Te’o fiasco. Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success. Remember to keep going--if you stop your momentum will stop. We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local! Dummy is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself! Great advice from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” – Mary MacLeod Trump Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious. The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you! Great advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained. With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world. While Jon Stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad! Doctors have already died treating Ebola We should not be importing the disease to our homeland. LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M $60M more than I paid. I love real estate. The hatchet job in about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. Republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away. There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring! Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact and focus on the positives. Without passion you don't have energy and without energy you don't have anything! Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right especially when the truth is against him. No one wants the government to shut down but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway! Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election but news is spreading fast! Why does a failed magazine like constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. “Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.” – Think Big To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day. If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about… From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas! On this Memorial Day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest. Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know exactly what you want and go for it. Nothing should be haphazard. Knowledge requires patience; action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner. Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage. Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win. “Keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough.” – Think Big “Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit.” – Conrad Hilton Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember it’s only business and there will always be another day! "What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big."--Think Big I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is! A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES! Iran has never had a better friend than Obama. Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street naked. Why no riots here? Remember if you don't pat yourself on the back nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!! The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent leader - ObamaCare Iran Syria bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh! ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’” via by Just got back from Las Vegas. Hotel was fantastic in every way but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost? “Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together! Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous? Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. Remember politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors “You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albert Einstein Thank you. Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward. If you have passion confidence resilience &amp; vision you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him “If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.” - John D. Rockefeller We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment! Wow record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming I mean climate change! "If you love what you do you are going to work harder you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - Think Big Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly then move on. See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What’s strong? What’s weak? What’s missing? "Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton Advice from my father Fred C. Trump: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." I left Atlantic City years ago good timing. Now I may buy back in at much lower price to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds! The World is falling apart around us but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership! After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes! Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur. "Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - Think Big "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing."-- Andrew Carnegie “Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” - Michael Jordan Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- Thomas A. Edison I have had the pleasure of getting to know &amp; this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today. Via by “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. You get what you vote for! I hear really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy! Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up! "If everyone is thinking alike then somebody isn't thinking." --George S. Patton Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material! Via by Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can buy now. You will thank me later. Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedomsit will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln 70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago At least someone has done well under Obama. 59% of the United States by area is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY! Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go. I am a defender of who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels) but last night's outfit must go! "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit." -- Aristotle The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad! Pres. Obama’s steady support of throughout this crisis helped stop the war. He did a good job. The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid! If you can’t focus with unyielding resolve then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals. Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way! #TBT For all who have been asking my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father- If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous. President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out! Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad. ...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. does a great job for the country. Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K. This is the best deal the Republicans could get? Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense! Rebuild the USA. What did you think of mechanical dog idea? "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein “Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” — Success comes with hard work focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game you cannot get lucky. Obama is not a leader he's just a campaigner! Be ready for problems. You’ll have them every day so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens you're responsible. If it doesn't happen you're responsible. Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair. “Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.” – Think Big Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules. Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history. A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln It’s snowing &amp; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming? #3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. "It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein I’m really saddened to see that was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS! Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble. What I am saying is stay out of Syria. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing you'll be a success." - A. Schweitzer In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! See ungrateful Little statement to me a year ago— - he was kissing my ass! I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW. If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out! Success tip: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. If Saudi Arabia which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil wants our help and protection they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES. "Get respect and do not give a damn if people like you." --Think Big What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners! What is happening in Atlantic City casino closures is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK THE LUCKIER I GET! The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the United States is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols “Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion I am the BEST builder just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue! Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break. 32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it? Oscar Pistorious "the blade runner" is as guilty as O.J. I wonder if the result will be the same? Hey hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for Less than 1% of Obama’s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now! "Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple but it works." - Think Like a Billionaire I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it! Whatever you are doing right now make sure to stop for a minute focus and ask yourself “Am I thinking BIG?” Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner . Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain &amp; is an important element of success. Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics. Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture. “Be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion If we could force Russia China and other competitors to use ObamaCare we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success! looks much calmer and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward. Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S. Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog. My comment last March - “Anthony Weiner is a sick pervert you think he will change? He will never change.” Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high. Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up! Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment? Entrepreneurs: Be tough be smart be personable -- but don't take things personally. That's good business. 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. "It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin "Mr. President you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts." When someone can discourage you you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done. "I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance." Steve Jobs Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious. Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. Wise words from my father: “Know everything you can about what you’re doing.” Fred C. Trump Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top. Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes! Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. Ifor one will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs “The harder you work the luckier you get.” - Gary Player China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. "Let the stupid Americans do it!" SAD Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see I can stick up for China) Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard. "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."Albert Einstein I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say "look we made a big mistake sorry!" No more lies or deception. Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution not the problem. Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired? My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge. I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people. REMEMBER the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.! For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself –“What can I provide that does not yet exist?” Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already! Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets. Why can't he release his records? Especially when $5M is going to charity. “Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.” - Mark Twain #1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing... If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty! “If you don't have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result. Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but most importantly don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people! Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail. Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. As I have said the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY! Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either. The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi What a great player you have turned out to be but also what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win. The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there! Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared. My parents:"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Fred C. Trump Entrepreneurs: Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go. The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution. President Obama Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn! When Strasburg leaves for another team for more money will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good? China is worried. The polls are trending for They won’t be able to steal from us anymore. Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire for his comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused. The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information. I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact he was so bad he gave us Obama! Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. “Intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them.” – Albert Einstein On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger. Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water. “The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated. Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people great state! Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic. They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people get smart! I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now! Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny! “After every setback start thinking big as soon as possible.” - Think Big Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities. True. Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. And never give up! “Do what you can with what you have where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence." – Pres. Ronald Reagan Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation. Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse. To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk! Good advice from my father Fred C. Trump:"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Wow despite the switch to Monday night ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show. President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch! Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE How does failed writer and pundit like with no success and little talent get away with criticizing candidates. One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts not work. “You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad! convention came in over $3M under budget. Barack’s convention is over $10M in debt. What a surprise! Understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities. If you want to be successful in business you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback. Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward! "When you have exhausted all possibilities remember this - you haven't." -- Thomas A. Edison Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!! was a terrible governor of NY one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again! The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change! Happy Birthday You are an amazing daughter! Happy 8th Anniversary to Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms. Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K. What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really be cool! Thank you for your support this morning on Even more importantly play well this week! Say hi to all. “Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one.” - Alec Guinness George Will was a big Iraq fool. $2 trillion thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy. I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress. Great job by the FBI Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight! We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere! "Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- John Wooden What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk! The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive. Always remember SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE! Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television! Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree. Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR! Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling. The is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t report the facts! We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime! The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal. Must be all that global warming. I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world. With all that is happening with Ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to New York Obama still refuses to stop the flights! “I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.” - Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare but it's to prepare us for something bigger. Remember the old saying "The more you learn the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge. I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island. Why did beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched? Winning isn't everything but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture. Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak). Thank you you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job. “Once you know you love your job never stop and never give up.” – Think Like a Billionaire Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules. I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s Study your area of business. All business involves risk but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing. “Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." The Art of The Deal Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him? "To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily." - Think Like a Billionaire Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional? Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy! Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- T. S. Eliot ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses. That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic! If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcynow worth over $10 billion dummy We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security Medicareand Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. Good advice from my mother: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success. I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK! Rapper song "Donald Trump" now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut? Always remember that as your success grows you will be asked for more favors. Learn how to say ‘No.’ It is critical. Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis. Happy #VeteransDay to all. And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home. Entrepreneurs: Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge. Whatever happens you're responsible. If you don’t publicize your successes your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out! We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa. People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any. I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective! who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl! Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion and persuasion is power. As one of Miamii's largest landowners I am pulling for the in the finals. Lebron's time is now! Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. I want to thank Elizabeth Steve Brian and all of the great folks of for the long and successful run we had together. NICE! Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen apply then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is. Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you. Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad! "If everything seems under control you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti" Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary. I can't get over after all of the buildup what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious! I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy! “He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious.” -- Sun Tzu Entrepreneurs – be tough resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals. Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it! Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news. I will be going to Asheville North Carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man! THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory a Scottish Deerhound who won Best in Show. She came to visit today! Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event I'm just not watching them much anymore! Whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- Henry Ford Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education. “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of The Deal. You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent. Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. Great article by on : “Sorry Donald Trump Has A Point” Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack Welch Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them. Be aggressive and seize them when they come. My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. It’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them it becomes a national incident. We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas. Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein” Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results. "Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." -- Abraham Lincoln “The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. "The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- Dale Carnegie Via by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO” “If you want to be the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a Billionaire The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh then want to sell us the bodies for $1000000. We fight over sleep deprivation! The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty. Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move. Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. "Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have." Dale Carnegie What a sad thing that the memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral! Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City. Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you. Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact. Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either. Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready our country is in big trouble! Congrats to on making first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you. Wow the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide and most people don't think I'm running! Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision. Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country. Make sure to vote today. Vote for real change. Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong America. Vote for “You have to keep going and moving forward no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – Think Like a Champion “Be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm.” - Abraham Lincoln Snow and ice freezing weather in Texas Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING? "If I run and if I win our country will be great again." - last line of my speech Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing. I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth. Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor but it is dead! Young Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus! Remember negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods you will ultimately win. Just stated by a total pro: "You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking." "I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun." -- Thomas A. Edison The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe “Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.”- Reed Markham Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon. Wow the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix. Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games. Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count. Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING? Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care. Reality is setting in. We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful Mister. "Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed. “Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities.” – Think Like A Champion So a woman in Chicago who never had a job has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble! Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith. “Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion Just got home watching the news and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership! Brian Williams who is not the nice guy that people think he is has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court! Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks! When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "STUPID" things and begin to focus on lower taxes? “Live Free or Die.” – motto of New Hampshire Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you. I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination. "Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- Henry Ford In my book had a lousy doctor shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have! Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola caught it! Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious. "If your actions inspire others to dream more learn more do more and become more you are a leader." – John Quincy Adams “Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.” - Larry Bird Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles. “You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky “But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.” - “The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas Touch I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad too late! A big part of the country even the southern states is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone? Success tip: Be ready for problems and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification. Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again! “The entrepreneur’s ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them! Have a GREAT EASTER I love you all! Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. Must read article via "DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO" "You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - Think Big "Winners I am convinced imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true." - Joe Montana We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! "Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them.” -- Anonymous “I like thinking big. To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big.” – The Art of The Deal Don't worry when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made we will start doing the right things. “Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion" Think Like a Champion Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time! Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again! Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that! Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules. See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision? Brian if I'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work stick-to-itiveness and common sense. -- Thomas A. Edison “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” -- Winston Churchill “The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive all at once shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW! President Obama do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day! They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars Has Charles ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again! “Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – Arthur Schopenhauer WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF! “When you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others.” – Think Like a Billionaire Next Tuesday remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border. Entrepreneurs: Difficulties mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact. So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but can’t get money to the NJ &amp; NY Sandy victims? Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil! It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater. A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place! Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?! Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold! All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect. Stay tuned! Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them? says he is a member of Dallas National but doesn’t play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? No talent! “The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.” – Tom Brady Because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled. Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S. $1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. "Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -- Babe Ruth What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again. Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard. I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid! Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts. “A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – Think Big “The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” - Peter Drucker Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. “Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.” Think Like a Champion If you can’t see it it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum. Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs “Set the example and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion "Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools." - Napoleon Bonaparte “Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” - Theodore Roosevelt The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost! Under Obama Iran has taken over Iraq Al Qaeda has taken over Libya the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst foreign policy ever. Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT? 7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen “You can have the most wonderful product in the world but if people don’t know about it it’s not worth much.” - The Art of the Deal Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did and person died. “Do more be more give more--and everyone will benefit.” – Think Like a Champion The Golden Rule of Negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules. This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The Art of the Deal In any business there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times. The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them! ObamaCare has cut workers’ pay by over $22B &amp; eliminated 350000+ small business jobs Repeal before it's too late! I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan. We should have a speedy withdrawal. Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.! Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution not the problem. Also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart! We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time dropping it from U.S.! Young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed promote yourself! Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL! Entrepreneurs: Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals. As President I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU the American people! Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back! Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate. In ’08 America voted for Hope &amp; Change. Instead we got incompetency. Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt! “Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.” – Abraham Lincoln Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude. Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. “A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.” – Midas Touch If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts. If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited the magazine would have folded - no money no success! Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!). “Build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a Champion "Great minds have purposes; others have wishes." --Washington Irving There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling. The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syriafix U.S.A. "Experience is the teacher of all things." - Julius Caesar Wow honored to just pass 2.5M followers on Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together. Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together! ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses. My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1 Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster. Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent! Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci "Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities" - Think Like a Champion “Never give up on yourself.” – Think Big With Terry McAuliffe Gov of Virginia at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville VA--largest on East Coast. "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."-- Steve Jobs "I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell." --Harry S. Truman "If you want to be successful two important considerations are passion and efficiency." - Think Like a Champion “Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money! Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial -- now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it! If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story! Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection. They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now. 47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird. Because of President Obama's failed leadership we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this. The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar" just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss! Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best artAndy Warhol Judy Garland was much better to put it mildly! #Oscars The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us. Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bush’s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend? Job tip: If you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person. "Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential." -- Winston Churchill "Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art." A. Warhol If you've got some problems today that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation. It’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. It’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose. #TrumpVine from D.C.- “The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - Gen. George S. Patton Via "GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB" Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina… It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform. Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in. Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN! Dear I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon. Let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiate.--John F. Kennedy Inaugural Address January 1961 Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again! Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive think big &amp; big things will happen Not only giving out money but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it. President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct! My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day! I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January it’s time to move! Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising! She’s baaack! needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent &amp; no persona. Too many tv cancellations! If you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs Learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it. How much money is the extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name? Because of the hurricane I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday. Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason. When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. You stated that I started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...” Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later! Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them If you want more you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw Congrats to on his new show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy. Via by “Trump: RNC call was Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M. #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE "True courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow that's what courage is. " - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012) Saw try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- he’s got no talent or strength!!!! “Don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws. What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job "Work hard play hard and live to the hilt." - Think Like a Billionaire “The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” -- Peter Drucker Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year. Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama. Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan.” USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many bedlam! “Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” - Dale Carnegie Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count. Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice! Just watched Brian Williams on - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at Stop apologizing Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's recordsI might become a major fan Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself. If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure you will never succeed! If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters make sure you report it immediately. A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington. “Life is difficult no matter what but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – Think Like a Billionaire Remember this the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names or read about them in the newspapers stay away! "Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." -- Abraham Lincoln The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good! ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous. Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason How come every time I show anger disgust or impatience enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people? Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night! Haters stop saying I went bankrupt it is not so. I never went bankrupt... The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman and win. -- Phil Mickelson "Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers" Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself! Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy a rare combination! Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also great commentary. For those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never ever give up! Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact. Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude! “Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.” - Knute Rockne Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. Be tough be strong be tenacious. Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance. See yourself as victorious! The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son Chris Wallace of Mike was a total pro! Via by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control Assault Weapons Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense” With few exceptions only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important but "brains" will supersede. #IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so completely stupid! My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right! Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship slow growth and halt research &amp; development. Defund Repeal &amp; Replace! If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL In light the Benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public... “You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – Think Big “Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened.” – Rev. Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind! Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks. I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me. I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do! First there was the Declaration of Independence then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today. Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. “Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up Via by "Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech" Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. New poll WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess! Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time! Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford “Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” - Babe Ruth Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities. "Taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself" -Trump Never Give Up Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate. Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. Remember oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make! I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses. All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth. “Don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd she called him Bruce Bailey seven times. “Don't find fault find a remedy.” -- Henry Ford "If everything seems under control you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation. The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest? Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention! need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican. stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco? “What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice! Can you believe this fool Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC just stated "anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa" DOPE Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big! If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S. a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago! If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?! “Donald trump files statement of candidacy” via Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson "Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets." -- Midas Touch Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing? Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. Boycott! #freeourmarine Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment. So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue. Thanks Paul - we miss you! Guess what folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster. Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much! Do as I say not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress All are hypocrites! “You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. That’s tenacity and it’s critical to success.” – Trump Never Give Up Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably. I can’t believe Apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs! "If you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment." Think Big “Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe Ruth "Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther." -- J.P. Morgan Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day! Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor. get better fast. I'm starting to miss you! Thank you for being so fair this morning on appreciated. “Once you learn to quit it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi "Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning." -- Think Like a Champion Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday. Rule was in effect for over 200 years. Great game against Tennessee by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos! The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble! “Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy there is no excuse." - Think Like a Billionaire Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY! It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today? Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge. Under Mayor and Police Commissioner Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership. I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet some call it a tirade..totally dishonest! Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example. Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down a total disaster! 90 million doomed ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered! We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble! Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford Good luck tonight--have no doubt you will be great. “A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible! Based on very popular demand I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate. The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place). "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."- Henry David Thoreau Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called "leader" Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything from ObamaCare to a deserter. Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC. Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East? Entrepreneurs: Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level. Lincoln never sounded like that! In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do! Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back! With autism being way up what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies? “Remember people’s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation... However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results. -- Winston Churchill "Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time."Thomas A. Edison President Obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much! Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture. For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working #TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair! This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity. Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres? Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact! Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative! Entrepreneurs: Absorb assess and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it. This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Entrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself! Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail. Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016. Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentrationassessment technique &amp; passion...it's all there. Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins. Via “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for China’s gain? Jodi if you're listening MAKE A DEAL! Enjoy the Super Bowl! Why was selling guns to Mexican drug dealers? Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral the Blue Monster. Great guys! A great job by in winning The Players yesterday. Finally your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open. Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted) “Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!) “Most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning” The Art of the Deal I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help and fast. They are crumbling! Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion When it comes to money finance and even life PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF! Just sit back and watch ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess! “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston Churchill Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind VICTORY! Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude. Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen apply and move forward. Set the standard! "Think big set your vision high and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - Midas Touch Be careful – sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning. When will new pictures be released? Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear. "Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." -- Winston Churchill Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- Albert Einstein "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." --Henry David Thoreau Learn work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction. "If you never want to be criticized for goodness' sake don't do anything new." -- Jeff Bezos So we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists? Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing you'll be in for some big surprises. Via by “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” “Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – My father Fred C. Trump If our border is not secure we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists. It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today? "You can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much." - The Art of the Deal “Success is dependent on effort.” - Sophocles President Obama played golf yesterday??? Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him! I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do I will win. When somebody challenges you fight back -- be tough! National Review may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by No talent means death - sad! Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. "I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is." ~Donald Trump" Before I bought the site the Sun Times had the biggest ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular. “Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change sometimes for good reason.” – Trump Never Give Up Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family. “Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in! #TrumpVine on ObamaCare website- “Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score.The excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal Why didn't Obama as part of the negotiation free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini? After climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- Nelson Mandela Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement. Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden they did… (cont) I wonder how much money dumb and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad! Dummy from failing magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom ESPN was small golf outing... Glad to see that has been hired by as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame! Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude. Entrepreneurs: When negotiating don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself. Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma? Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! "Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." -- Thomas Edison Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential. report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors. "Imagination is more important than knowledge." --Albert Einstein Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength! "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison The more you know the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything? It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble. Challenges present opportunities. Always keep your focus and stay calm. I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages! "Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- Aldous Huxley "If we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas A. Edison Iraq buying $200000000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO! Remember go vote--we need real change this time. Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.--Ralph Waldo Emerson The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team? Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from. “Winning takes talent to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!! Dopey Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are! Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression. It's not whether you get knocked down it's whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi "To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing. " - Think BIG You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on! Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy. How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi? When will people realize that is not an intellectual but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past. “Always be prepared to start.” - Joe Montana Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing you're setting yourself up for some big surprises. Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes. Amtrak crash near Philadelphia train derails -many hurt some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve! ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution! Via Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ Under President Obama do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY? Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet! Clinton commented in Ohio today that is right the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man. Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln “Winners never quit and quitters never win.” - Vince Lombardi Entrepreneurs: Another question to ask yourself—“What am I pretending not to see?” There may be great opportunities right around you. “Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning." -Think Big The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments. "It does not cost anything to dream. Spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- Think Big Take your work seriously take yourself less seriously. It’s a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories. Obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care The new reality. Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems be ready to fight for your rights &amp; all will be well – Trump Never Give Up “We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be. Gary Johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln "We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business." - Think Like a Champion Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard. is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE. “Never judge someone by their job title. You’d be surprised at the talents people can have.” – Midas Touch God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today. You will never be forgotten! I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are! The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days when our country was respected and strong would be executed Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy. Wrong! Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C. “No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.” - “Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation. The girlfriend of Lubitz the wacko co-pilot who took down the plane knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and Pakistan already has them!! ...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." -- Harry S. Truman Via by "Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!" The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade! Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power. I’ll bet if I didn’t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends &amp; breaks! "Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life." - Think Big Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors. Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity. Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. Glad to hear supports my offer to Obama. As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity. What does Obama have to lose?” “Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - “When you have confidence you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun you can do amazing things.” - If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election? Don't forget Benghazi. Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets. Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! "No matter what you're managing don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum." - Trump: How to Get Rich Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out seek and explore. The opportunities are always there. Can you imagine if Bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites. Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. “The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it! "The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly." - Theodore Roosevelt Wow Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble but don’t worry my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk no action. "The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill If only Obama would treat with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security. Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border! Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. It’s time for to enter All time hits leader has paid the price. Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms. More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines don't let your vote be stolen "By failing to prepare you are preparing to fail." --Benjamin Franklin Via by “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily change the law before an election? Dummy Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower... With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. Don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion "Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example. “It takes guts to win fortunately most people don’t have guts!" -- Donald J. Trump America's Got Talent uses you the show will fail like all your others! “If it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work &amp; fight to get beyond them." I told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed one of the lowest ratings in history. The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful! The Boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical. I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly. Does anyone remember the fight had w/ the referee—he was weak &amp; pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players. The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice one of the biggest hits in T.V. history. Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Pretty audacious for Obama to call a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write. Obama betrays Israel yet again our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas breaking long standing US policy. Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by and “Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” - Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: "Never never never give up." ... Dopey in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing! The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal We should have taken the oil in Iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry! Make sure to follow me on I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM. The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad! With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history with Atlanta Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone? "Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." John F. Kennedy Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at us—they think we are fools! I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all. "I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - Ken Venturi Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from. Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it. “If it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people &amp; obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.”–Midas Touch The had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home forget about it and come back tough next year. “Diligence is the mother of good luck.” - Benjamin Franklin John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there. “Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy! Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government. ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund. “You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - Andrew Carnegie Whether you like Obama or not Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally I hate rats. You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal Benghazi was a massive cover up. “The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!). My interview on “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so "politically correct" or we won't have a Country to run anymore! “Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.” - Samuel Goldwyn "Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history! “Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think Big The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics. In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish! “To be a visionary and to be a billionaire you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.” – Think Like a Billionaire Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M “I believe in spending what you have to. But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The Art of the Deal We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us! was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. should not allow this conduct! See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals. I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief "Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money."--Johnny Cash You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow.. “Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work but from the assets they build.” – Midas Touch There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. “Learn know and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion The ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft! “If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” - Sun Tzu Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us! Don’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote “See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.” – Trump Never Give Up The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth. When we have big disasters no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others! “It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer.” - Albert Einstein Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? “Being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.” – Midas Touch Just watched Full Metal Jacket can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations! "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." -- Steve Jobs Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like. The Emmys are sooooo boring! Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night. "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs 9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp; yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong! When you think big you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big. The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end that is what counts. The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM. If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare and fast Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions! China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site. Almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. Gee I wonder why? The media is usually so brave! Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice. This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness! “Always get even. When you are in business you need to get even with people who screw you.” – Think Big It’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter. Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still never underestimate knowledge! Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. The roads and sidewalks airports and bridges are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S. everything is falling apart! I am in Iowa today great STATE fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Good timing: won big for American Red Cross last night on Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job. “Mistakes are always forgivable if one has the courage to admit them.” -- Bruce Lee Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 Guess who was POTUS then? “Failure isn’t fatal but failure to change might be” – John Wooden "Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it." -- Albert Camus I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence of which our "leaders" have plenty! After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history. All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty! I just had an amazing day in Mumbai India. Building an almost 80 story building super luxury which is doing great! Press is going wild. If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs? Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies Saudis just cut oil supplymaking prices rise “immediately” while we are fighting ISIS for them What are we doing! I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner and both lost. For a while when Spitzer was way up it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated." F.D. Roosevelt “You can always become better.” - “Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – Trump Never Give Up The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster. Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives! "Build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. That's building the right way." - Think Like a Champion Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings! In game 7 of the World Series tonight the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C. even with two days rest. Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation. Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge. “Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – Think Like a Champion Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama! “Don’t find fault. Find a remedy.” – Henry Ford To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it? Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short! Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution not the problem. I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership and fastbefore it is too late I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice. Everyone wins. Take the deal. “Hard work is my personal method for financial success. You can do it too.” - Think Big It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee? Move slowly carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet! “True courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” - General Norman Schwarzkopf Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake. Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. “We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” - Vince Lombardi 2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?! Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way. Speaking at the Red White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry but I must. It's my nature. We are now at a time perhaps more than ever before when the World needs GREAT leadership! When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok go get him"? "Lord grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish." - Michelangelo Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation. "Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need take chances because your biggest successes... Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. "We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts."-- Gary Player Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice! Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late! Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS! “There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back just learn from your experience! "Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." -- Sun Tzu If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work. I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay Rio de Janeiro joins the in 2016. It’s going to be a spectacular hotel! Congrats to for firing Martin Bashir—don’t feel badly he didn’t get ratings anyway. Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope! By popular(extremely) demand I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches! “If you are passionate about your endeavors it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – Trump Never Give Up Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION! "Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - Think Like a Champion Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party! "He who demands little gets it." - Ellen Glasgow I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right! Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed! AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute “Out of clutter find Simplicity. From discord find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.”–Albert Einstein "The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -- Vince Lombardi Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012. His promises are worthless! The FAKE NEWS media (failing and many more) is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American people. SICK! Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson "Take action every day and stay focused for the long haul.” - Think Big Record setting cold and snow ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols. Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech! "If you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie Remember tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. “Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - Dean Acheson #TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation. I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535 000 000 for NOTHING “Each life is made up of mistakes and learning waiting and growing practicing patience and being persistent.” – Rev. Entrepreneurs: Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short. Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth. Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Let’s make America great again! "Remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive." - Think Like a Champion "Chance favors the prepared mind."-- Louis Pasteur Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years?? It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be! I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement! “Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule you will have no trouble making conversation.”- Think Like a Billionaire Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life. Goodnight everyone sleep tight! Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic "Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." --Albert Einstein Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center “Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.” - Think Big "Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." --Winston Churchill “The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur"" Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE. and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance the BEST! "Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information." - Think Big “Be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – Trump Never Give Up Then why do you follow me like a little puppy moron? NobamaCare won't work never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!) "If you're going through hell keep going." --Winston Churchill Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence! There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills Wow ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it. Such a waste. “Winning is the most important thing in my life after breathing. Breathing first winning next.” - George Steinbrenner They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working! Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple but not easy. Focus! Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records! “Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion “Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.” - Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count. I hate when the news media so afraid to offend anyone always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as "the suspect". "Watch listen and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity." Donald Trump" At the end of the day Obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes. This was a winnable race. GOP needs to do better! Let in the HOF - it's time! Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery just had it! Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly. Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my speech! They are going to be very happy... Obama has called terrorists during this showdown. It’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all demands. "The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size." -- Einstein “Winning is habit. Unfortunately so is losing.” - Vince Lombardi THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. friends are enemies of the US and The Islamist winter is here. One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now you deserve it! The United States needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first! Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie It’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today? What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it. In business you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again! Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare can’t be fixed. Repeal! Via by "Donald Trump declares war on lying street-hustlers of Congress” Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington D.C. the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS! I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National Doral in Miami. They are smart hard working and great Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. “Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. That’s taking control.” – Think Like a Champion In debate should ask Obama why autobiography states "born in Kenya raised in Indonesia." Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so. Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai! Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years! Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind! Without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going. If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare our country would not be in turmoil right now! New York Magazine just named the most influential "tweeters" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually I'm easily #1! See yourself as having a lot already and keep your integrity intact. It’s the best path to comprehensive success. - Think Like a Champion "Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." - Steve Jobs Congratulations to on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers! “Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable.” – Midas Touch "You can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much." The Art of The Deal "Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs security and well-being for others." - Midas Touch "Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction."- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare Remember Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage! The same "brilliant" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor are now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance Now that the election is over watch Chrysler ship production to China--my prediction. Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again Thanks for letting us know now The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them. What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything including delay and big cash! Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. new book-- "Adios America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job! “Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” – Dale Carnegie "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Goethe Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful. “Ability is nothing without opportunity.” - Napoleon Bonaparte I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing. Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus budget funds the "Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam. “If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?” - Vince Lombardi But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune! We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out! Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars Congratulations to on yesterday’s successful and safe The entire country is proud. "Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - Think Like a Champion Our country is looking very bad right now! Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct! The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it. Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs jobs jobs! “No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.” – Samuel Goldwyn The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies. The election is trending towards Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline. Today is referendum on ObamaCare Amnesty slow growth having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies. “A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – Think Like a Champion The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right. If Karl Rove &amp; Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party who delivered in 2010 then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016. Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard hit them fast hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy! Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies. In New York March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING! ... So if you want to aim high you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road." - Think BIG Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes bigger government shrink the private sector end the Republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy! You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? "Inspiration exists but it has to find us working." -- Pablo Picasso This is the summer of box office bombs. Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible. If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record no problem and with -- Great shot! Good advice from my mother Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned! Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much much bigger show! With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late! “"Pennies don't fall from heaven they have to be earned here on earth." – PM Margaret Thatcher (October 13 1925 – April 8 2013) As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally hope is not a strategy. Before you vote think: Obama wants to raise taxes wants to lower taxes--need I say more! In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her! "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for President—stay tuned for the answer. Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday Sorry folks got to go to work now - but "I'll be baaaaack"! Thanks. Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow. Watch my appearance on - great interview! China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect. “Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.” – Lao Tzu No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle but all mine "If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice he'd fail." What's your opinion? I agree! Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S. this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT! If my offer is refused every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something! “The future is always beginning now.” - Mark Strand former Poet Laureate Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't there will be hell to pay. Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory. “Developing your talent requires work and work creates luck.” – Trump Never Give Up How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction. “Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. President Obama said over and over again if you like your plan you can keep your plan PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill. It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle. We will fight on! I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad! “I pride myself on being obstinate stubborn &amp; tough. I think those are important qualities found in successful people.” – Think Big Via by “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks” Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself. I will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp; websites as to their professionalism &amp; fairness—many people asking for this. Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country. #TrumpVine sucks! Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic but never thought he was alive as President stiff! Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing! Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise. Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times. Just as I predicted while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions! Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late! Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive. I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs. They are hungry motivated and eager to learn. Proves America can still be great. Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. “If you strike out nobody is going to help you--not your friends not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think Big I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success! ...If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself. “Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally your business will grow.” – Midas Touch Whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- Henry Ford Excellent story on very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate I just sent a check of $20000 for his charity Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it. Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week. The first ever All-Star Celebrity premieres Sunday March 3rd! I'm leaving now for Ireland Spain Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life! Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A. “When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - J. P. Morgan Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin Wow Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool! China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". Our leaders are so stupid! Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty! As dishonest as is I say is worse. Neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business! “Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion “One man with courage is a majority.” - Thomas Jefferson "A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities... With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on especially in New York and New Jersey you would be lucky to have a gun for protection President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office look right into her beautiful blue eyes and saywith emotion YOU'RE FIRED! I attended concert last night in Newark NJ. Doesn’t get any better than that. was fantastic great energy! CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late. will turn this mess around! Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday. “Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.” – Trump Never Give Up "Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger." - Think Big Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day. Obama’s attack on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media. Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from. ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico! Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth! Standing strong for his people is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great! Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary. Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count. Ignorance is inexcusable; it’s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed. I don’t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. It’s not Pope-like! Off to Nashville and the NRA. “Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.” – Think Like a Champion Via by “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles” Just toured Baton Rouge Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE fantastic place doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night NBC "It’s more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough but they’re not smart.” – Think Like A Billionaire “When you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others.” – Think Like a Billionaire “Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it! Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement. China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching. Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet. Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it! Let's go! #CelebApprentice “America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed &amp; can’t feed his family Everyone can get welfare but this SEAL can’t eat! “Problems setbacks mistakes &amp; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.” – Think Like a Champion Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.” Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists. Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the convention. Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. Business is an art in itself and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success. This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control Welcome to his 2nd term. “Luck does not come around often. So when it does be sure to take full advantage of it even if it means working hard." Think Big Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing this November. It’s freezing in New York—where the hell is global warming? Is the dumbest man on television?—I think so. Our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in Ireland #TrumpIreland Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing keep going. “Real estate is at the core of almost every business and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.” – Think Like a Billionaire “Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso “Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a Champion TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads airports tunnels bridges electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols &amp; better "I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does." - my speech Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth. Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery. The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS! “Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -Think Big Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow. "Inspiration exists but it must find you working." -- Pablo Picasso We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first. Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for. "Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go by."Donald J. Trump “Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems." - Think Big Wow just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER! Okay I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on “Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement.” - Think Like a Champion I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen! “Change can’t be measured in speeches. It is measured in achievements.” -- yesterday in Fairfax VA. Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare. ...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." Harry S. Truman Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback. Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! “Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out seek and explore. Think big at all times. Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own. “Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.” Think Like A Billionaire Why is the congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed? "Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation." - Midas Touch The polls &amp; momentum are trending towards Don't let the hurricane change your thinking! To be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence. It’s like being a conductor--set the tempo. Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen as alternative fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better. Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big. Obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare. Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.? Wow Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop. People are always asking me about the very special word CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning! “Courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela "Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - Golda Meir My announcement is tomorrow! If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones! “It is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” -Theodore Roosevelt "If you don't do your part don't blame God." - Billy Sunday Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies! The media can track down old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find college applications or other info. I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy. Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare! Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and it's important to inspire confidence. With our border not being secure Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him. “A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.” – Midas Touch Dummy writer from failing magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important… Can you believe that "President" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more more more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell! Do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage. If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative. Sadly firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant but lopping off a branch can save a tree. Our prayers are with Rev. for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all. Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone????????? Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once so it's a formidable combination. Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector Won $5000000 against Miss Pennsylvania Sheena Monnin for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person! An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last. -- Winston Churchill has less TV persona than any other person I can think of. He’s an arrogant crude dope who met some very stupid people... Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster). ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE! I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag. “Be up front and direct with people and they will return the favor.” – Think Like a Billionaire Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks! "The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – Anonymous Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all. If you want to succeed keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends. Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher! Get going now and feel good about yourself! Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted (h/t Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him! Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable! I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy! As promised my pick is the San Francisco Stop the flights! Just put in ad for a real estate executive: “Hard work low pay mean boss!” A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack. Never forget! Negotiation tip #2: I always go into the deal anticipating the worst... "I aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after." - The Art of the Deal Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit nobody cares but with me they go nuts! I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster Failing comedian Bill Maher who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past! At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate. "Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you." - Vince Lombardi With the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property... “If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public. Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things? Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious. We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET? The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet. Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid not fixed in your expectations. By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars much of it to China! According to many ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming! Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery. “One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – Midas Touch Wow the ObamaCare website which President Obama said would be working TODAY is a total mess with many functions not even thought about! These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout. Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid. Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable. Today is April 15th Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY! Politicians are ALL TALK NO ACTION! --- just look at our country. Great basketball game going on right now! Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously. Watched Gennady Golovkin at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor. Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote in November! “Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think Big We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties. Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it. At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists. I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help. "Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement." - Henry Ford Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will! President Obama missed the deadline! Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvaniaan interesting and amazing story “We are fully supportive of right to defend itself.” -- good I like it. "Before you are a leader success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader success is all about growing others." -Jack Welch "I find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest." - Dalai Lama Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums. They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it! Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel “Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry Ford A-Rod has disgraced the blessed organization lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes. Mr. President it is time to lead on the Korean crisis. Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child! They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going! The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry. I told you the Oscars were terrible—bad look bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history. … It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will Obama hold today? “Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid” via Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing! If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama even if she is embarrassed then you can’t trust her! Vote "Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." -- Warren G. Bennis Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. “Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.” – Think Like a Champion The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also hold Obama accountable on the VA. If has a good debate tomorrow night Obama is finished! Wow Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end! Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. “Get to know yourself.You can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.The more you ask the better you'll know.” Vince Lombardi Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone? Wow one of the all-time greats in fashion OSCAR DE LA RENTA has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy! Amazing race tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor! Good luck to the people of Scotland whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting! Obama weak on immigration. All words no action. He's been Prez 4 years. "The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life... #TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- Jack Nicklaus 7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15% The Unaffordable Care Act sometimes referred to as ObamaCare is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud! Dummy I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head. I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public. Ask yourself "Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit. Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out! There won’t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment. Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes. “The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman and win.” - Phil Mickelson Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals placed the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November! "If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them." - Think Big Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore! I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific! The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon! “Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred Hitchcock Anne Hathaway is a good winner! When I think big which is often you can be sure I’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for. Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power. If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records he would have refused. Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. Yesterday was favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute. Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can. Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit! Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. "Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul." - General Douglas MacArthur Word is that is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser! Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next? "Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --Think Like a Champion Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward. Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send to the Senate! I'm not saying to not give vaccines I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child. Why is always campaigning or on vacation? If the wind will not serve take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism.... If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. --Michelangelo The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes “When everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute! Bill you are really beginning to understand what is going on with "Trump" - actually you always knew! “He who defends everywhere defends nowhere.” – Sun Tzu I don't get and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past! "President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people"--Clint Eastwood Just left Florida amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up taxes down. Congrats to A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs. Fantastic win we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not. I will be on tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber ("Americans are stupid") &amp; exec order All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem. Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why taunt over and over again in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB! Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain. Obama has destroyed the middle class. In ’09 median household income was $55198. Now it is $50678. Four more years? “Chalk failure up to experience don’t take it personally and go find your next challenge.” – Trump: Never Give Up Many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?" The answer is -- not much. Wow great ratings for Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report. The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error! The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead "Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- Norman Vincent Peale Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed! How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc. Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq take over the country &amp; oil and "O" will say thanks Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices? When written in Chinese the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity." JFK We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb! Save Medicare. Vote for He will repeal Obamacare on day one. Nick all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds! Congratulations to on getting the &amp; endorsements! “I also protect myself by being flexible. I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL Wow China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA! Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout. A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again! Do you notice that because of Ebola ISIS etc. ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster! George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win. "Believe you can and you're halfway there."--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt When it comes to violent crime and if we are going to solve the problem we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is! Every business has surprises hidden dangers beneath the surface and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success. Josh8J4 I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA" Thank you. Dumbass has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice. In making any decision you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence in the end you have to go with your gut! Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th everybody was asking for and indeed demanding torture of any kind. No reports! Practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental... Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA “Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – Trump: How to Get Rich disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymore—a sad lesson. Be prepared there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III. “Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun Tzu Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight? Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb Many many people are thanking me for what I said about & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately. Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires... "I believe in the America that never gives up never stops striving never ceases believing in itself." -- 11.2.12 Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself. Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business. "Change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy." -- Rudy Giuliani When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him! Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad! is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous. Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight! The Audacity of Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future. Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms legs and worse! Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example. “Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.” - Arnold Palmer "Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it." - Midas Touch Individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work.-- Vince Lombardi If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect critics will be harmless. Keep your focus! A special message for Martin Bashir- I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great! “Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew Mellon I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau “Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”-- John Adams Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see! Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for. Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying? There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming "stuff" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid. "Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude work and luck." -- Think Like a Champion We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again! Congratulations Mitch! Honored to be attending Rev. 95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide. Via by "Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president" Problems are never truly hardships to winners &amp; if you haven’t got any then you must not have a business to run. "If you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it." -- Charles Kettering I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on - Enjoy. Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down! “The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.” – John Madden No dopey I would not go into Syria but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools. Again for all of the haters and losers I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago! China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes They will be sent to patrol our coasts Obama won't do anything. Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up. The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental? "Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- Samuel Johnson Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN. "The harder you work the harder it is to surrender." - Head Coach Marv Levy That said the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military. “Always strive to outdo yourself.” – Think Big I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas. Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! “Learn know and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion #HasJustineLandedYet- Justine what the hell are you doing are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support Justine is FIRED! I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything. Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. "It’s often necessary to boast but it’s even better if others do it for you.” – Think Like A Billionaire "There is no substitute for hard work."--Thomas Edison I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart! Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. is forcing Canada to send it west to China. Just as I predicted immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B More money borrowed from China. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and frankly dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times! “Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation.-- President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare. #TBT With Our country under President Obama is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together. The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55 744 081. It then bloated to $292 071067 INCOMPETENCE Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America. Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card not the final score. Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't! Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone! Who do you like - hate so far? Congratulations to on their championship. Well-deserved. The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security etc. I’ll make America rich again! Good luck to Bob Kraft Tom Brady and Coach Bill Belichick tonight. I was nice to loser and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard! Many political pundits are using the term "Art of the Deal".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title. Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer marbles in his mouth! "The more predictable the business the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience." --Midas Touch Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas. We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke. We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington we make it BEST EVER Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC. “Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation.” – The Art of the Deal First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout! Danny--You're a total loser! The rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists has turned back-the ice is massive (a record). IRONIC! "A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities... “You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream the farther you get.” - watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten. “To succeed one must be creative and persistent.” - John H. Johnson Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet. China will now pass our economy this year way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama – China’s greatest asset! “You can’t wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.” – Trump: How to Get Rich We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term. No more Bushes! IMO--- Manti Te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy. Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe! Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?That’s just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition. It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume. "A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have." -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln "Sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations." - Steve Jobs Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day every moment. “In the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish." - The Art of the Deal “I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The Art of The Deal "If you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome." -- Michael Jordan What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far. Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs! Gallup finds Des Moines Iowa has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend. Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible. Dopey I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are. Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?! My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A. “The more predictable the business the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say "speak to my lawyers." I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon. CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951957. Where is the outrage? wrote a wonderful book “And the Good News is.." Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politics—go get it! Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial. No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Let’s Make America Great Again Via by ”Defying Doubters Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous! With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S. we have just cut the hell out of the military budget making it smallest since '39 Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent! Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing introduced UFC (ask Dana)the best shows Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants Are you surprised? “Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it’” - The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detainee If so why was he released? As a former host of Saturday Night Live I look forward to attending tonight! “How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.” – Think Like a Billionaire “Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline carrying it out.” - Stephen Covey "Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that." - Think Like a Billionaire should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont) “Failures are expected by losers ignored by winners.” -- ... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – Think Like a Billionaire In the very least Congress must defund Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order. My fragrance--"Success"-- is flying off the shelves The perfect Christmas gift! THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY “Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatoryracist and can be viewed as bullying Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Laden’s killing not the President. Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole. Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind! "If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything I'd have been sunk before I got started." - Think Like a Champion have a great Easter you are a real champion! I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer All the haters &amp; losers must admit that unlike others I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that! ... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.” – Think Big A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise! Just as I predicted ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented. For all of those fools that want to attack Syria the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster! Hi Lexxay. To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success. “As you go through life you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting. Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said "I'm really good at killing people" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize? Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses the most for any president I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win. -- Arnold Palmer ... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - Think Big I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia! "Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat." ― F. Scott Fitzgerald Via by “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia. Josh Brolin a friend of mine was terrific in "Men in Black." Congrats! Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW! “You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big but be realistic.” – Think Big Last Thursday Obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" The next day he again stopped Keystone Going to Scotland Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement so called show on HBO must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks! To Jamie Dimon—I love kicking lightweight ass. Stop settling and fight! Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up I know it has been many years since our country made great deals but isn't it about time we start right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why does continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence." While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie I mean statement on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and if we attack at all catch them by surprise? ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services. “There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” - Margaret Thatcher How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi? And he continues to lie to the public! Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse. Congratulations to our new Miss USA the beautiful Rima Fakih. Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA . Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian! US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it! Always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger. ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more! I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow…. Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon. Global warming! Via “EXCLUSIVE: TRUMP SMACKS BACK AGAINST MEDIA ATTACKS ON CPAC SPEECH” by By the way where is Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway who cares I adore Oprah. I've had enough of this - good night! Lolo Jones our beautiful Olympic athlete wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans! Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter the White House is now attacking Bergdahl’s platoon Do you believe this singing? #Oscars When in doubt Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record. “You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.” – Think Like a Billionaire It’s extremely cold in NY &amp; NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming? The same people that built the ObamaCare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent. So many major problems for the U.S. and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change? Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve! “My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes dreams do come true.” - Captain Derek Jeter I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President. Make sure to follow me on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST! Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists Congratulations to the Obama administration. I just had to fire someone he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night. “To keep momentum keep challenging yourself.” – Think Big "The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --Vince Lombardi With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can. Can get a great deal. "You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes." ― Ronald Reagan Obamacare is far toooo expensive far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and most importantly doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER! Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them. China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020 over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country. The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost Good response on jobs by “Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - "We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction." -- Douglas MacArthur The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding? I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1 One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp; give $1250000 to each family of the four... “The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston Churchill Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will. It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already. Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor. The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people? Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests. "Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short fast and direct." - Think Like a Champion The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break! Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed Like your current health care plan? Too bad you’re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope Change &amp; a 300% Increase in Your Premium. Miss Alabama Katherine Webb has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her! Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you. "Experience knowledge and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them." - Think Like a Champion A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face. Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT! I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family! The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions. Put the glamour beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also &amp; most importantly the Oscars need credibility. Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con! Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida--great land great location great future! What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can. China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own! How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work? Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will there's a win. Think positively! “Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers. Thanks! “Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.” – Think Big “Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - Andrew Carnegie “The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.” – Midas Touch “Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also his food sucks! “Let other people talk. Any business conversation should be two-sided.” – Think Like a Billionaire I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again great and hard working people but much would have to change-taxes regs. etc I hope comes through with his $5 million offer which I fully accepted or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity! "The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- Douglas MacArthur "Never quit and always hit back" -- The Art of the Comeback If you’ve looked over the yearsI’ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there. It’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let’s Make America Great Again! “Learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion “Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.” – Think Big Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself money like anything takes maintenance &amp; planning to grow. “In this game knowledge is the key to power.” - Think Big I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition! Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING! If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet it’s pay up time. “Donald Trump” just crossed 73.5 million views on You’re welcome Mac! The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B &amp; many still do not work One of the greatest fiascos in modern history! Yes I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the "biggies." It's like having your own newspaper. Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant! “Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.” - Arnold Palmer Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook. The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman. Isn’t that frightening and sad? “One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – The Art of The Deal "Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a brand is to know who you are." - Midas Touch Via by "Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade Stands Up For American I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I believe America can be great only with proper leadership. Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings but it’s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th.... Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again! "Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." --Dwight D. Eisenhower Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night. Thank you. The problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while China &amp; others do nothing! The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power. Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter. Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had. Mark okay with me but don't start your bullshit again! Naghmeh Abedini the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail just left my office. #savesaeed I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG The election is still close but trending toward He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE! Snowden is a liar.and a fraud! RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money. I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him! ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- Have you been to the in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249 It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties. “The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.” – Maimonides Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day. “Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan Remember when "comedian" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC? With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. A quote from the late great golfer Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE. The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits. All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher. My week on twitter 1k retweets 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions." There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative! Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article: Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also! Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work! Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone. Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza. An iconic event for New York! Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd! “Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” - Orson Welles I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book "The America We Deserve" and the collapse of Iraq in I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed! "Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself." Donald J. Trump When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North? Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it. The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time probably after ’14 election I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world. I can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t. #MidasTouch Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm? Immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! Sounds like that’s what’s happening. "It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein For all of my millions of followers and at your request I will be tweeting tonight during President Obama’s speech! 9pm ET China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict Smart unlike our leaders. Entrepreneurs: Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence. “Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.” - Bobby Jones It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again. "Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." -- The Art of the Deal “Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – Think Like a Champion What a convenient mistake: issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. "Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson Good.morning I'm going to work! We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty a weak border &amp; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote "I believe in spending what you have to. But I also believe in not spending more than you should."-The Art of The Deal Honestly whether you're for or against ObamaCare the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept! Rick Perry--a good man a great family and a patriot. Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans? “Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” - Thomas Jefferson It is very sad to see what has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians. China Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times. "If we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas Edison They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)! Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office." The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present. At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions! I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW! Come on MLB do the right thing! Let into the Hall. No drugs—just hard work and talent! Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely! You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent! Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work! Congratulations to the jury on a job well done! Now will it be life or death? In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of on NBC. Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice! If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012 do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t! At the debate the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying why didn't he do it? He lost me a long time ago. The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities. Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my "twitter" it is a total scam! I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback! “What the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve.” - Norman Vincent Peale I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty! “Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of The Deal I wish President the best of luck in his second term... Oh no another rapper doing a Trump song --"Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics." Why aren't these guys paying me? Ratings way down show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? always fails. The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks… This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans! My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines! The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn? “Do your homework before you invest. A dumb investor is a dead investor.” – Think Like a Billionaire "Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- Samuel Johnson Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris. Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons. “I’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that.” – Midas Touch Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows nobody can build a wall like Trump!" I’ve known for a long time &amp; sadly he gets dumber each &amp; every year--&amp; started from a very low base. If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them. What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk. Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Guess he would have invaded Libya too! The NFL image is really tarnished! Now if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games! When will our nation's sacrifices be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil. Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending? Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyesa smash! Sorry losers and haters but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was! "Without focus it's just impossible to be successful at anything." --Midas Touch ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’ I will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy! I know about the “rustic” look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphia—a real gem. It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport convention center etc. Get our Marine out of Mexico. Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it. Yesterday was Veterans Day. I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored. This nation loves and respects all of you. Don’t let speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude crude &amp; not smart. She is not in your league. Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the on Tim is a winner just like them! "It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand." - Midas Touch Just as I have been predicting for years Iraq will fall to the people that hate the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad."Keep the oil" The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place. Like it or not Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book "Patience is the greatest of all virtues." -- Cato “Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch President Obama if it is important to you I will substantially increase the $5M offer! Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn. The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can! My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn! This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild Great decision by in placing as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big I can’t wait to donate $5 million to charity. Just waiting on to send me the money. “Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people! While I am a critic of President Obama I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss. Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes wants to lower taxes--need I say more! Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP. “Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give Up I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it! We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships. How much are they going to pay us toward this protection. "Even if you're on the right track you'll get run over if you just sit there." --Will Rogers I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go. In any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours. calling my office for me to do your rather "gross" show--I have less interest in you than Andre. 5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney won't you? I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind! What do you think of my suing for $5M for charity? He made an offer I accepted. Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember in the beginning they said it couldn't be done! Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys? Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo Make no mistake some of these will be shot at our troops. still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington. President Obama our great leader wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm. How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize. NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% 0% worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism? $5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. OPEC is laughing at us. This is a buyers’ market. Buy now. You will thank me in 3 years. If these scandals happened before the election Obama could not have won. Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again! "They succeed because they think they can." -- Virgil The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy. "Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice." - Winston Churchill There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending. “Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost expand your focus.” - Midas Touch The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy! I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for He is strong he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington. “Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again. I am watching the NFL DRAFT will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS. At your request I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s #CelebApprentice Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet. Obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production We can't afford 4 more years. A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great! Did you ever think our country would become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change. With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! "Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards." --Vernon Sanders Law “Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” -- We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote. Our country has tremendous potential. Together we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! "When your life flashes before your eyes make sure you've got plenty to watch." --Anonymous Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans last night’s topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere. "Intrinsic means basic inborn elemental. If you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away." - Think Like a Champion Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work. I am honored that has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America! “Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking... A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves: What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there. When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals remember the killings-maimings I will be on at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola Obama and other strange U.S. happenings! “Deals are my art form. I like making deals preferably big deals.” – The Art of The Deal I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today. Stand strong! I knew last year that Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100... #CelebApprentice returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today. North Korea can't survive or even eat without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us! “In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts you need to know about real estate.” - Think Like a Billionaire “Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.” - The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said "we can't win".Very bad! Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame. Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think. Just returned from Ireland Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip great places--but always good to be back. China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us. I will be interviewed by tonight on - Enjoy! Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing? Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas. "I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success." --Jack Welch Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus “You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill. Dopey never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit. I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there kept the oil! DUMB Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal! Thanks. Great meeting with the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal. “Appreciate your property and your property will appreciate for you.” – Think Like a Billionaire The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts! Getting ready to leave for Melbourne Florida. See you all soon! who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice can't carry jock. Congratulations to Boston on the World Series victory. Earned and deserved. Congress use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY! Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth. I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldn’t. People have been forced to resign positions for far less than “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” Congratulations to Tom Brady -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion! I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there. Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 of “biggest Pinocchios of the year” Great accomplishment! The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo. Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart just loud and obnoxious a pushy dope! Druggie is now scheming to sue the He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time. Only 1 mill. dollars Offer me real money and I’d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left! Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from &amp; do not underestimate them. Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran. One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership? I support K-9’s for Warriors a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. Please contact The Republicans better be careful. Obama is out to destroy them! "The best vision is insight." -- Malcolm Forbes This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be... State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans We should send them to Gitmo for some R&amp;R. I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today? I am going to give a pass. is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled. China is about to acquire 82800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field What are we doing! “Learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion #CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes! “Don't fight the problem decide it.” – General George C. Marshall “Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption! The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck! Almost every television network wants me badly—but I stay loyal to I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid! This is such a special time to be in New York City. No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas! Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election? The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool Via by “Always Play On Offense” While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities? There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be. Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions! Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on &amp; december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson. I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. is finding that out the hard way! The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid “The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack Nicholson We must leave "stop and frisk" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner! Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack? Amazing various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast. I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records. Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead. Wow so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT! Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader! One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post Moron hates my poll numbers Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker! "We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business we need a president who understands business and I do" -- Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses. True America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT and when that's gone we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down! Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality – Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory. The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks staff! A horrible day for Newtown CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected. “Winners embrace hard work.” - "The harder I work the luckier I get." -- Samuel Goldwyn If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers then you haven’t spent enough time on it. Watching the Ryder Cup on Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport my favorite! A beautiful view from my office today- Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT! I hope the realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time. One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire. The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff." They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans. It’s about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible! How does employ with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? Complete garbage! In the spirit of transparency Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi. Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head. The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it! "The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government." -- Congratulations to on winning Athlete of the Year in last night’s LeBron is also a great guy! I am tired of talking about father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.! Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"! DAMAC &amp; #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course Trump World Golf Club #Dubai at AKOYA Oxygen! Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art. "The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." --Benjamin Disraeli Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning - Monday - at 8:00. Much to talk about! Amazingly is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out. The best deals are good for everyone which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek! Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories! Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level. Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends. I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward mumbling jerk. Too bad! Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY welfare pays better than jobs Zero incentive. If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand! I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida Trump International Golf Club. "I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released." - my speech “If you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – The Art of the Deal did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions! 1/5 households is on food stamps We must do better. Americans need to have a work ethic. I’ve always defended but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks! "You can benefit from others’ wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.” -- The Way To The Top The real estate market is slowly improving. Still a great time to buy. You will thank me in 5 years. Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us. Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations approaches and practices that you could adapt in your field. Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again! Why does support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party? "The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'"--Orison Swett Marden Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them. Another cover-up. Obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country No surprise. The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes I will be speaking Monday September 24 (10 A.M.) at Liberty University to a record setting student body. I look forward to it! I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies. ... By releasing his records he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity. “Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - John Wayne Wife Huma wants to "pull a by giving a tell-all interview." Unlike Clinton Anthony is a sick puppy. Scary. Over 8332000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term How did Romney lose that election? Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting! Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do. So they will probably do it. Just like its website ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own! 27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election we decide whether we become great again. "Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- The Way To The Top "Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." -- Charles F. Kettering Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable. Why hasn't Obama created jobs? LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The Art of the Deal" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them? I wonder what the late great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled? Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent! Obama’s job approval is at 37% a record low. &amp; have the leverage &amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans! Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her! I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success! Achievers go for the challenge so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves. I will be on Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about! I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing! “Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion "Being the best requires full-time attention and application.” – Midas Touch If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the U.S. will look very bad! A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders! My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008 American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record. “A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower With proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less Obama our Welfare &amp; Food Stamp President is praising himself for expanding welfare He doesn't believe in work. Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry. Often times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp; expect success. When I say I would end Obamacare I would also come up with a plan that would be far better much easier to understand and cost less! The man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness! Of the 9 battleground states we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of &amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention. "Be yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE! Some really dumb blogger for failing a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T! RT Bike we built for The gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing! “The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – Vince Lombardi You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball! White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy. "It doesn't cost any money to think bigger." -- The Art of the Deal "However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results." -- Winston Churchill Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic bloated &amp; gone! Dummy made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happened—I don’t talk that way. “Trump: Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets” via by Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran. He is desperate. Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from. The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs. Just read book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category) it is terrific. The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal. Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked "To become a champion fight one more round." -- James J. Corbett long ago Heavyweight Champion Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try. Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the David is an exceptional player and person. Flashback from October 2013: “Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen” You’re welcome! Apple listened. I hear this moron said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated show. Stupid guy/bad ratings! I wonder how officials feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to 82-27? "Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever." - Think Big The big problem for little is that he’s going to have to have another hit song not just his Donald Trump bonanza. Just did final purchase on fabulous in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland. Very exciting! Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? “Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled! I look forward to hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs. was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in he would not have been fired. "Failure defeats losers failure inspires winners." -- Robert T. Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes! “Circumstances are beyond human control but our conduct is in our own power.” -- Benjamin Disraeli I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "Time is money"---The Art of the Deal. "'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President" via by I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap I would have been lambasted from coast to coast. For China of all nations to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami. Enjoy! “A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion Received a standing ovation in packed house after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! Scary – in the past 90 days Obama has set over 6125 regulatory burdens Terrible for the economy. Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say! I look forward to playing golf with President someday. My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling. A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! Broken borders $18T debt ObamaCare failing &amp; over budget. Don’t worry our president is still fundraising Priorities Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty. Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. was described in 2003 as being "born in Kenya." If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief. South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES? “Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry Banks Little don’t need your praise - - just pay me the money you owe. All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure. Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp; that one's not even close! Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed website. In fact why didn't he use them in the first place! I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco! The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact. What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end. In a new poll a majority of people felt the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied? I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy! With the number of tweets sad sack has done she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown. In order to stay competitive in your industry it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information. “Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up! "A penny saved is a penny earned." -- Benjamin Franklin We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business. The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton real leaders and fighters are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare. Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. For all of my many Jewish friends Happy Passover. The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President. "Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often."--Mark Twain "Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch." -- Midas Touch Only 88000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190000. Businesses can’t expand with Obama Care &amp; high taxes on horizon. We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda. I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again. Corey Lewandowski Senior Political Adviser: "Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness." Congratulations to on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire! China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage. “You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – Think Like a Billionaire It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today? With the $635 million dollar website fiasco getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more U.S. is looking really stupid! A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship. In real estate all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart! “Experience knowledge &amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.” Think Like a Champion "Control your own destiny or someone else will."-- We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday. Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home rebuild the U.S. make America great again. The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible. I wonder what the great generals like Patton the big M or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack? We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi. Four Americans were killed. Congress must act! Congratulations to &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place! It is time for DC to protect the American worker not grant amnesty to illegals. Let’s Make America Great Again! "One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL and his incredible wife did a fabulous movie see it! “Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents... Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem! In '09 Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated “I’ll see you in New York” Historic nat'l sec. error Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory -- ObamaCare killing jobs stopping growth and making small business insecure. Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH! If ObamaCare is so amazing then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win! "Donald Trump ready to end for White House run" via via by Dopey Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald "Change before you have to." --Jack Welch "Don't find fault. Find a remedy." --Henry Ford By folding Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn. Sleazebag has just been forced to resign from His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job. People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable that I work quickly and that they will be treated fairly. Where is the President? It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others. BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do? Great to see back on She's a wonderful woman and commentator. ...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader. China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough “You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion. At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal! Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it! If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil they would now be bust! In your planning know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk. The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China. He got nothing gave them everything and promised even more. I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard but he has zero negotiating ability! Wow I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at Big crowds standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Me voting--- it really is my hair! Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be. Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment. Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning background. I for one won't be. Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers. Another Obama disaster- "For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- Aristotle Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing Not surprising Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day. It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad! Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ #SaveSaeed It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - Douglas MacArthur Just as I predicted would fail on The View- “We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor. Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again! Sorry for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M. no go - in Dubai. A great Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings! Congratulations to and Jared on the big news. I will have yet another grandchild this fall! The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death not Obama who works hard to take (cont) President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in SA. Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share. Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars Like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her. Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote Well this is it the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live. It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization Senator Landrieu If you are a Senator representing Louisiana then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send to the Senate! Congratulations to on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of My Apprentice champ! To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there. They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer. "Trust in God and be true to yourself." Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Fred C. Trump "Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals." -- Henry Ford “The great question is not whether you have failed but whether you are content with failure.” - Laurence J. Peter I am in IstanbulTurkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit. "Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success." ― Conrad Hilton Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with "global warming"? Good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad! #TrumpVine A message for Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property? Wow just in-John Beale the top person in government on climate change (EPA) is a total fraud and just admitted it! What can they say now will do much better- "Discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest." -- Think Like a Champion Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching. Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘Friend of Israel’ award at the Gala Dinner "I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country." - my speech “Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a Champion Castro Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results. They are praying Obama wins. “History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower Does he look sharp smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive. I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi. I never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way you shouldn’t want to be there either. Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years! Man we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness! Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again! FLASHBACK via from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision. I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early! Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes. The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively! So many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time. Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart! Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky! “I also protect myself by being flexible. I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – The Art of The Deal Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal! Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence he writes for Loser Salon. With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable. House GOP wants to cut Medicare Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong! Wow just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.! I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered but not nearly enough "People do business with those people they like and trust." - Ralph J. Roberts Founder of Comcast Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY conveniently after 2014 expect higher premiums bigger deductibles &amp; worse care. Job killer! Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned. Don't forget episodes 2 and 3 of are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall. "You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- The Way To The Top Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY. Immigration reform is all risk for the Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat. Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do. fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends. When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website? "Work often becomes problem solving. Problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you." - Think Like a Champion Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do? Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished? April is Autism Awareness Month join me in raising awareness - get your “Light It Up Blue” sign here! #LIUB FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here. A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off. Likewise the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now! The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good. It will just never change for them! It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money borrowed from China today? Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural I guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.' “The aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through.” - Steve Jobs Mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens. Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well. Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen. My editorial: “‘A COUNTRY THAT CANNOT PROTECT ITS BORDERS WILL NOT LAST” Great game last week your team really needed you! Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and by the way the healthcare is no good anyway! in additionno doubt you would have been amazing on Keep up the great work. By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of on at 9/8c Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states. They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars Dopey Sugar are the worst kind of loser—a total fool. “There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.” -- Dean Smith The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show Miss P will be coming to my office this morning. The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn? Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it! Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" “One thing I’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better.” - Art of the Deal The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more. People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he “miraculously” found. Great that Pres. O is seeing today—lots of good things can happen. I want to see college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application. Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare. Thx and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky The French police are afraid to go into many communities. How did France let this all happen and how did the female terrorist ever escape? I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted albeit privately that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars. Congratulations to Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject! Little sent me an expensive plaque for making his song “Donald Trump” such a big hit. Mac you still... Night loser! After tearing W Bush down for 12 years now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama. The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime. Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. ...Remember--I told you so. "You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals."--General George S. Patton Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 What took so long to release this footage? Texas is lucky to have him--- is a great guy! A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training. Americans by &amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp; gov’t got waivers. Defund! “Christmas waves a magic wand over this world and behold everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale ...At the same time go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short. Focus on your goal—look at the solution not the problem. Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business. Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs? President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend? I know Shia LaBeouf and when sober a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late. Just met with David Perdue He’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win! Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen! Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare. "It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious. I don't like the opening even a little bit! “Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words think work and be lucky.” – Think Like a Champion “Integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – Richard Buckminster Fuller Voting for is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote! It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects? ... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. – Harvey Mackay New report calls for embracing “comprehensive immigration reform.” Does the have a death wish? Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings! Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict. By popular demand I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight! With our weakened dollar gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs. An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it! Looking forward to hosting next week The White House has abandoned her husband Christian Pastor Abedini. I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic! The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved and then laughs loudly! Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M More money borrowed from China. I hope you buy my shirts and ties at While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute. Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week. Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators! “Any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.” – The America We Deserve The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it. “Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.” - Jef I. Richards Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00. I'm at Trump Doral right now Tiger will tee off shortly. Will be on tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING! Great! My sons Don and Eric are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal! "In war there is no substitute for victory." -- Douglas MacArthur Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions? "Make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you." - Think Like a Champion Watch the game-really good. Obama's wind turbines kill “13-39 million birds and bats every year!” Save our bald eagles symbol of our nation! Great to see win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all fans. ...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great. needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford. I made a fortune in Atlantic City got out years ago (great timing) and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C. Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the who is now their all-time hitting leader. After these spirited primaries are over must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate we stop Obama’s agenda. It is that time of the year. The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park. The greatest ice rink in the country. If you have built castles in the air your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau "Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!" - my speech. Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE! “The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.” - Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem “The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.” - I don’t know whether I will win or lose the lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity. Shocker: study reveals that is completely biased while is factual What a surprise! I will be in Washington D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.—a great honor! I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight. "You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird." -- Re Life: Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. If anything success makes it more fragile. "Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world." -- Think Like a Champion As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so I told you so. Re: Decisions: Cover your bases then ask yourself this question: "What am I pretending not to see?" This can save a lot of time &amp; trouble. RT Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)! The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty? #TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2 a holiday staple. Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement not an elective. At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be sadly that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess! "Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it." - speech Bought stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—I love their product and service. How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL! "Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- John Wooden The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans. There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice once he releases all of his records. Little Andy Lassner who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself is having a really bad night! #Oscars Congrats on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning! OIL. China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day they are using the Norks to taunt us. China is a major threat. "Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician." - my speech Still waiting for a response from Does he even have $5 million? Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China? He is ruining American industry. President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria! "The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." --Albert Einstein ...then he who continues the attack wins.” - Ulysses S. Grant Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime! Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president? Whether you like it or not the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth. "The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago." Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion! I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise she can walk away with 9 billion. Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why? I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD! Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday. I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow a total sellout crowd! Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom Obama’s job record would go from bad to worse! I will be on in ten minutes - enjoy! Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators." "First of all you don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal." -- The Art of the Deal How does a dummy like get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think could do a lot better. It’s important to listen to what people say. “Horrible” and “disgusting” are the words I used in response to Sterling’s comments. Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse! “Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The Deal Jeb Bush really blew his interview with - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous Iraq war all over again The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit! “Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack.” - General George S. Patton I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25% "The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL Great event last night with to support “Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. You’ll absolutely need them.” – Midas Touch When ISIS caught the soldiers do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them? Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President! He is working hard and for that he must be given credit! Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! I told you whenever I go to a game the win. “Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of the Deal Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year they scoffed Te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid. It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special! The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order. “Partner with people who share your values attitude and drive.” – Midas Touch with Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans. The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart. “If it doesn't sell it isn't creative.” - David Ogilvy On June 1st. near Washington D.C. I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River ... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation. Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator– they have Sen. Mitch who may be next Leader &amp; bring $’s to KY AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass! What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval. "Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world." -- Think Like a Champion We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic isn't it! Congratulations to on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator. Tonight's episode of is not only the best episode ever it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it! Anyway I’m all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making America great again. We’re falling fast! President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly now he denies he said that! I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in! Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day “When mistakes are made and they will be the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place.” – The Midas Touch. My int.on Have No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally” Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans “stupid” on ObamaCare many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming. Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today #VeteransDay. "Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make."The Art of The Deal Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has received accolades for design service &amp; our signature restaurant "Sixteen" “Here’s the truth the gov't doesn’t shutdown” via All essential services continue. Don't believe lies. Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness NYC loves the NYPD. "Donald Trump: Jeb Bush's Support of Common Core 'a Disaster'" via by Dr. Susan Berry Watch Celebrity Apprentice on NOW! 26000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report). Scary. Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years. 4 more years? The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget. Our leaders are ruining our children's future. Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd who has failed so badly with Meet the Press will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams! "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."--Ralph Waldo Emerson A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice! Remember we don't get any oil from Iraq China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart! is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth! I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING! I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls? Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York! Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction! "Always be prepared to start.” - It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity! must have the lowest IQ on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right. 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube You're welcome Mac! "Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take" - “Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - I am in Dubai with Damac. PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course. I hope everyone or rather almost everyone had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times Hi Colby. "Donald Trump To Mitt Romney: 'You’re Fired'" via Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him! shouldn't give additional tax returns until gives his passport records college records &amp; applications... Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Let’s make America great again! Despite what the haters and losers like to say I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW the preeminent gaming company Caesars just did. I have always liked Ellen done her show numerous times but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling! Trump to host #Oscars? Just read about my friend was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles. Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment. Idiot always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity that he expressly offered. Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website he is going to cut military pay No surprise. This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see! Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco Great insight in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason a real pro! Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible! was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview? I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor! How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12 the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi? Many of ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on. Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for to change things! I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- Over the years I've discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together. Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights? There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare spying NSA IRS brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END? Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit. Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil. Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason. The lights went out at the White House today Symbolic of the Obama presidency. The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU! I love great people! The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not! I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast! A dishonest slob of a reporter who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife wrote a foolish &amp; boring Trump "hit" Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships the stealth bombers the destinations-so ridiculous! you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today! "Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time." Midas Touch Wow the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner! Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday June 8th. USA. Good luck to You will make a wonderful Senator. Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory. Wow Mitt Romney didn't know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t but he should not have said that. So stupid! “There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–The Art of The Deal Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job! Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him? “It’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.” – Think Like a Champion Lightweight phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the court—he’s a loser! “In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten... Incredible progress at – Punta del Este Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic! "The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success." --Irving Berlin Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth. Will be fully clothed in his mayoral ads? “Donald Trump on Jeb Bush: ‘The last thing we need is another Bush’” via by “Each excellent thing once learned serves for a measure of all other knowledge.” - Philip Sidney The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. #TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left. Bill fantastic job this morning on - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP! “Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can’t sell it who will?” – Midas Touch Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater? We should never have gone into Iraq but once in should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best in history. A fine man Dr. Paul F. Crouch has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. Congratulations to for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in 2014 World's Best Business Hotels. Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households. With Obama Care taxes kicking in now everyone will be paying for his 2nd term. Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party! I am getting worried about Chris Matthews. Is he drinking again? Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women! Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect! Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare Job Killer Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00. President Reagan put it best: "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence." Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal… Thank you. My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming? ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance. Mike Leach's lessons his takeaways from Geronimo's life are fascinating &amp; useful whether in boardroom or locker room "Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response" via by Jim Meyers It’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL! Still waiting for an explanation about why &amp; did not name their son Donald. Unbelievable. #TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed! Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia. Great news from Ireland—Clare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel &amp; golf course in Doonbeg. “The longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning.” - No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings. Dummy forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully charity gets $5M dollars. Someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.” I will be on tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. "If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection." #TimeToGetTough For America to be strong again the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Let’s Make America Great Again! The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. never should have abandoned Mubarek. Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare Elections have consequences. - Way to go Rory fantastic victory! "An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous." --Henry Ford Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and also great writing. I will be in Palm Beach Jupiter and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now! "Capital isn't scarce; vision is." --Sam Walton John McCain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could Hillary Clinton—but Donald did! Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway. Wow. ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good. Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know he works for me! I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen. Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi IRS wiretapping of The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Let’s make America great again! Michael Vick of the Philadelphia is a great athlete but not a great quarterback. Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain We must do better or we will be Greece. I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint? The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers. WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL??????? Many people think that WM23 “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records Terrible for the economy &amp; middle class gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1245 days FRACK NOW &amp; FAST! you love to have my ratings? Congratulations to of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going. Doing David Letterman tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy “Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy Less than two weeks until XXIX. v. willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame. Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor. Our country is blowing up and is out campaigning. I'm giving away money- go to . Take it from me! Proud of the #FundAnything team. Mexico doesn’t respect our border hourly Release USMC Tahmooressi NOW! Time for a boycott? #SaveOurMarine I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds fantastic people! is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open. He will have a great year. Remember I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it he broke his foot. Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book The Art of the Deal. Great parent! “Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.” - George S. Patton The coolest story is that John Beale the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED Congrats to right to be suing over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State Fact – while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives? Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad. The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiro’s downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon! "Everyone makes mistakes but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters." -- Midas Touch I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great. Join and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism! Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run? I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. says hi. Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast! Congratulations to on winning the BCS championship last night! Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos! Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves! "Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." #TheArtofTheDeal John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative to Congress! More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate. A new record. See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)! It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record? James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent. He was also a decent man. We will all miss him. My son has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for He is a really good boy who loves helping kids. Sorry won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals! When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team! Movie producer Harvey Weinstein who lost his company to Colony Capital is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really! "Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality." #MidasTouch Congratulations Andre you deserve it! Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single spread out shots! What do we have to lose. I will be on at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! How did the NCAA which is weak and becoming irrelevant extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero! Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us. Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt? “You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up.” - #badratings you will never make it. You are not funny or talented. “Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself." – The Art of the Deal It’s Tuesday. How many more ‘The View’ Execs will leak that they want gone? Show is failing. "This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery." -- I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal. "Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." --Sun Tzu I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy? Via by TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTOR’S FREEDOM IN IRAN” Total misnomer to call ObamaCare ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions? Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower! Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants "wind turbines manufactured here in China" I don't think this was a gaffe. "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." #TheArtofTheDeal Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry put Americans out of work raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts. Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit. Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming. I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars! Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty. Remember anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad! We need to worry about the American worker first! Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring "To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." --Isaac Newton pretends to be a smart guy but if you look at his record he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown! I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland. I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week #CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night. Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase This is only the beginning. They only understand toughness! If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere. “You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.” – The Art of The Deal Via “DONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT: OBAMACARE A ‘FILTHY LIE’ CAN BUILD ‘A BEAUTY’ OF A BORDER FENCE” Congratulations to on being named the Power Player of the Week How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S. Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy! For the haters out of hundreds of deals or transactions I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals. To Tom Brady and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend. Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. Captain is a warrior &amp; winner. South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS! Lithium ion batteries should not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries. Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments. “Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic.” - Alert--US jobless claims up 46000 to 388000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible! People do not assume this but more than anything else I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today. "I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on." -- The Midas Touch It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming. "There are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still." -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative! Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours "Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours” ... Let’s be honest if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in Ohio on Monday. Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun! It’s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare? A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia. Putin is laughing at Obama. Our worst threat to unemployment is It will also destroy our country's basic standards. Surprise-In a post-election delayed release food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high The failing which just raised its prices because it’s dying said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest. We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY? #CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm. Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent. The should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie. The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury. ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women DEFUND!! #MakeDCListen should release all his records (like other Presidents).... Another historic first under Obama businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed New leadership now! Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama! No surprise. is failing on ratings.“Malcontent" &amp; another season is "out of the question" Make no mistake Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster. "Cowards die many times before their actual deaths." --Caesar must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead. “My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!” – Think Like a Champion Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp; be tremendous success. The Republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing? We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement It is a disaster. New rule for check the law before you make a public absolute offer. This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow. #MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- “Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.” – Midas Touch ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in “their online shopping carts” Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun wonderful audience! Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama. Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing. Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows. How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING! "If you don't have a competitive advantage don't compete." -- Jack Welch Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel. Ideally it should be $25. Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries. “The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty weak border &amp; The more I get to know the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House. Can’t fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCare Reality is less will be insured b/c of this monstrosity. Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida. Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become. "If you don't have passion everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or at best be mediocre. Is that how (cont) Undecideds in OHPA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama. “Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a Champion I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about! I had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuring the contestants and should fire and bring back someone that is actually funny. The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours! Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA" Great playing from beginning to end! Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills. The #WomenWhoWork campaign from … “I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” Coach Doc Rivers Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Let’s Make America Great Again The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong who is being sued by everyone in the world &amp; Michael Douglas. "If you're going to think--think big" --- The Art of the Deal Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes. Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE! Stop calling my office to do your show I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show! Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!" Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch. Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing. “Trust your instincts especially if they are well honed.” – Midas Touch He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: of He gets away with murder and most people (cont) Obama’s war on women. “Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227000” I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens. #CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness Congratulations to on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job! Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- "Amazing Race" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows. Happy Halloween! Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue “Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” - W. Clement Stone Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicans—&amp; the Republicans just don’t fight back—no energy! Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason. Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free! With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil! I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement! If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world I highly recommend that you read "The Art of (cont) Is everyone enjoying ObamaCare’s 21 new 2014 taxes? It’s Obama’s special gift added on to your rising premium. The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him Mr. President—hang tough! President Obama please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good! CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious there are clearly at least two cover ups in White House. Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday. Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation Not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg a total loser! Get some real talent or fold! Do as I say not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity Two years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp; buying houses—I hope you listened! (but there is still time). This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead. No answers! All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship. Great job - you deserve it! “Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.” – Harry S. Truman Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! speech is sold out with record crowd. Obama promised premiums would lower $2500/yr for family of 4. In truth healthcare will increase by $7450 Fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid! We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious. Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes! It won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. If you can take advantage and buy property asap. You’ll thank me! According to many and while nominated I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website And now she will get more to fix it. The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS! We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared! Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs! : When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country we have no business helping any other country" Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die! I will miss &amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp; smart. You never knew what would happen -- but he was fair! Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate? Why do people give contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi ! #TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse! "They succeed because they think they can." -- Virgil People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out! If the press can report stories from dorm years then why can't it find college and law school transcripts? “If we get tough and make the hard choices we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get Tough Via by “Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid is hiring staff and delaying TV gig” "Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong" - Think Big Snowden if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice. In reality you are just another wiseguy traitor. Congratulations to on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery. Robin is a special person. Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon. Mariano Rivera is one of top of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved. Via “Americans Agree With Donald Trump 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countries” I will be on tonight at 8:00. Enjoy! So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House but doesn't have time for In his own words "was born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii." This statement was made (cont) As I’ve said many times before Jon Stewart is highly overrated. By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate Thursday night. It will be very interesting I promise. How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama? As I predicted Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment # by CBO who’s sticking w/ “6 million enrollments” Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!). Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back? “Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. #TrumpAdvice To all of those who asked I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight? Some good news for New York – Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released. Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing tonight. I wish everyone well! Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black 4real".Great Dean and you will make it! Washington is in total gridlock—no trust no leadership—very interesting! Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday vote Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by I am so glad got fired by Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down! Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?! “To state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch... Wow China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter. If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal. Thank you. Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines We are a laughing stock. "Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts" via Does anyone remember this clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact fired like a dog! I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun and interesting talking to Howard! What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage but failed to mention Jesus. People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country. "Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier Happy 30th Birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have be a part of the series. Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan Seems hard to believe that could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup. is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on "Law and Order?" Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy. How does get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past. Sugar should say thank you Donald like a good little boy... ... We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun! #TrumpTower Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.! Premiering on January 4th the 14th season of will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric! Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way! If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now try taking in millions of new citizens all at once. Look Snowden is bad done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?). I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this he is not having fun! Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. great teamwork! I hate hearing after all of the hard work that never wanted to become President. I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming? No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place. I gave away money. Go to to see how I'm helping people. #FundAnything #Entrepreneurs #GiveBack Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally. The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock! It’s Tuesday how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage? What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies. It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner. Looks like a very good World Series game! I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you! China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy. was 100% correct when she stated that used us in day long tease to get people to watch but we were not on! Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on The only thing more boring than newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster! Now Sebelius is “'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid” Complete mess. Enrollment Numbers are a sham. The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami Trump National Doral. I will be interviewed on The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on Congress must defund ObamaCare. It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors including veterans. I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties shirts &amp; cufflinks for Christmas &amp; holidays. Had asked me to do a robo call for him I would have done it and he would have won. See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist? #CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new at 8PM ET. Good luck with the Dodgers this season if they were like you they would never lose a game! Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline. In order to get elected will start a war with Iran. Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get to run an ad against you and you will win. When I broadly proclaimed Mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah he’s right. No I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad. “Discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.” – Think Like a Champion Wow l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc. "The Job" on CBS the 15th copy of The Apprentice was just cancelled - I love it! Each day that Iran delays the deal if that is what you call it we must add another sanction and make them progressively tough. China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad. The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous! With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! “Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now for them at last people are talking about it! If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "The Art of the Comeback." You are right the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer! Dave Letterman said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama. Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for Derek is a true champion. I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork No surprise welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama. He is the food stamp &amp; welfare "king" Come on take the bet show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not "chicken shit" Just finished another week of filming This season a record 14th is shaping up to be the best yet. How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work? season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. He’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod. It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama. Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment Living large on us. I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.! What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications? I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW! A win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington. Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend "democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005 For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections. As a stockholder in Apple they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplement—immediately. Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack Still a "phony scandal"? Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home! How do you like the boardroom so far? "Know when to walk away from the table." The Art of the Deal “Whether you realize it or not your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.” – Midas Touch China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words they will continue to screw the U.S.! Via "Donald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate awaits $5 million" “Partnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise it’s not a partnership.” – ‘Midas Touch' US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April 2 yr record high We must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home! Via “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House” Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing! Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on! I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman vote—thankfully he did not win. Get Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price. President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool move slowly - and think! IRAN Turn on now and enjoy true brilliance! Watch the 63rd Annual Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan our commander-in-chief disclosed the CIA Chief’s name. Unsafe disaster! Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor... Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting. Want to know why China is growing? They can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days Red tape would kill it here. "We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment." --Donald J. Trump The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed. Dummy political pundit constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING! Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily. China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged. They don't understand why they can't cheat. You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV? Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now! Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet? Where’s the media? Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor! Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism. I was right—TV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People don’t want to look at a burned out ugly course! We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs! Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.That’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch 10 yrs ago today the Iraq war began. 4485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp; its oil. The President’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans don’t know how to handle that—I do. Congratulations to on setting the record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player. Via by Trump Slams Liberals In ‘Dishonest Press’: ‘I’m Going To Start Naming Names’" Must read via by “Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?” "I dream for a living." --Steven Spielberg Wow Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City! The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars and she is and does GREAT! Next Monday night at 8:00 Via "Donald Trump: ‘I Am Not Doing This For Fun’ We Can’t Fix U.S. ‘Unless We Put Right Person’ In This season’s cast of brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. Enjoy – Jan. 4th! “Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact &amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - Think Like A Champion Looking forward to visiting on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights! your documentary cost you less than $3000 to make—where did you get that kind of money? Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego! It’s Tuesday. How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House? A fantastic guy! "If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem." Abraham Lincoln "Think Like a Billionaire. By: A Must-Read. I will be on at 7.30 A.M. I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M. "The Architect" is directly responsible for losing both houses & becoming President. Ignore him. Will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters. Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun Obama’s 2014 budget “eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue” He loves taxes. T-E-A. Taxed Enough Already. Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt. We should never have abandoned Mubarak. The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hurts him it hurts the church... I want to negotiate my own and much better trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS! The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic! Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill! Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media? Watch me on show at 10PM tonight on For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack! I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod. I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year Glad to hear has moved over to Erick is a sharp political analyst. Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates. With Democrats Spitzer Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner which party really has the war on women? I agree Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world. Via "JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'" I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face! RT to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records #Election2012 has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner! For those asking my son makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of $$ all of it for Piers truly hates Omarosa! stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in great company! Very tacky set! As Prime Minister why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants? For all of those who have been asking a big cast announcement coming soon for Watch to see the new cast of Just as I said last October census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 Elections have consequences! Please help with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end? Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on Like father like son. Via by "Donald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up'" Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with and Pres. Clinton. Glad she is recuperating. “There are no environments where you're only going to win because life just isn't like that.” - Bobby Orr Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly. 1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare Defund now and Repeal later! Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style great price! ONLY THE BEST I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures. They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH Sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf. He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him. P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief “The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny." - #TBT WrestleMania 23 Getting ready to go on - two great people! The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. won 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years. Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief... is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate. Unemployment is now 7.9%. Four years and $6.5T later that is really bad! Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project I kicked "ass" and got it done fast I have been a guest on The View many times when it was successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad! Wow a really great review of my golf club in Scotland in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you! “Trump: ‘No way’ Bush Romney would win in 2016” via by Barnini Chakraborty I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office! Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy! Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S. but it isn't - SAD! "Diligence is the mother of good luck."--Benjamin Franklin Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting! #FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect this November. Call it any way you like but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors? very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb! Only the stupid would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble. The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon. Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is Iraq etc. have always been disasters! Once again tweets nonsense about She needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems. I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero. The real estate market in Vietnam is booming. Growth is everywhere in the world except for the US. Great article on so-called climate change formerly known as global warming. "The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but (cont) Remember Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. until dopey Bill is canned! Remember tonight (Monday) the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN! ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible. The Tea Party is filled with great Americans. Despite being mistreated by everyone including they will continue to fight on Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times like no other. The world is a crazy place! Looking forward to touring the world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT I still don't get how spent $400 million &amp; lost all. admitted their scam. Phony and others are no better-- total joke! You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't. Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is! Sarah Jessica Parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – I agree. She said “it’s beneath me to comment on the... The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp; rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- I have to admit is a tough smart guy. He is formidable by any standard! Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is not freed---she is totally innocent. - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice without which you would be nowhere! With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low over 92M Americans are out of the work force. Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them? #TheArsenioHallShow Well it had to happen. People that are disloyal in the long run never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled! A huge honor for for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by #TravelersChoice Awards We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks. Via by "In Raleigh Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid" “Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare” Men in NC get 305% hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237% hike. China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity! ... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart! The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target I watched the last two minutes of the game last night--- I just loved watching them lose. The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral! Going to New Hampshire all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! I ask again how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea? Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down! Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight got the news! has so many service complaints - a total joke! It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade after litigation into the murky past! Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor poor Country! Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities. Just like organization I can’t wait for to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport. Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace? is a total loser...save your money! "I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly." - Dr. Jerry Buss Here we go! Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by radical anti-gas policies BHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China. The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere. Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most. Congratulations to marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club Trump National Doral are proud of you. NOW for game 7! Congratulations to on joining on Crossfire. Show will be excellent! is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust! Into our first week of filming the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks! Not so smart after all … Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory. The police &amp; others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape? Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. can't be bothered he is too concerned with taxes. #CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no? Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget! Attention Arnold Palmer: Happy Birthday Arnold. There is no one like you --The King! Now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered. In 5 years remember I told you so. Fox &amp; Friends going on now - enjoy! South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid! Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing! When I jokingly said "bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple" because Apple has not been doing well the haters &amp; losers had a field day! Sad. Dummythanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof &amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits. Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily. Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb! My interview discussing Obama’s failed presidency Ebola DC Post Office midterms &amp; 2016 Our billion dollar website- ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! Congratulations to on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book ‘Special Heart.’ Already in its third printing! I got to know very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country! How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care? The global warming scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME! Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS. I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range. Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again! Just as I have been saying for MANY years and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad! Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care? Will be interviewed on at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire great people! I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken. The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute! I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday! I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination! Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt heart of our country’s factory sector has been destroyed by our leaders. Join and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism! Honored to be named as one of business’s “Top Leaders Icons and Rebels” by Vote Trump! Via by Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” Press release. Video response to follow. The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year. Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. It’s time for an outsider Rapidly failing magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing! Remember when Obama promised “you can keep your health care plan?” Not in these 10 states. Another lie. On Mike and Mike in two minutes! No surprise with the talk of amnesty in DC illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster. “If you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it.” - Jerry Bruckheimer I hear by demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. Palm Springs CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad! You said you are "tired" - say the rest that you're lazy and dumb! The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages. It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare. Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not? Will be doing live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe. Watch – Obama in 2006: “I’ve stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber” And now Obama claims he is 'just some adviser.' QB is a very special player. He is exciting to watch and smart on the field. Amazing talent. I’ve been watching very little lately—the good news is I’m switching over to and Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back and better than ever before! " Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident" Cute! Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain Bill Clinton George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush... offense and good luck on the new show but remember you started it! The only place where our "border" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported. Congratulations to on winning Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan! did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive! Thanks. Wow I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time! Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form always do! First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid Incompetent and unqualified. The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE GREAT REVIEWS! Great job in winning your first of many "majors". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great! Can you imagine if said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country... I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love! I will be on at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)! Enjoy! Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway. Strong debate by No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero! Jonah Goldberg of the once great #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does put this dummy on his show? Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it can’t happen here? "beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another. Thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place. "The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job." --Michael Gerber “Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes You are the Message Why does have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride. I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago). …In other words Secy John Kerry is so out of his element… Congrats to Charles for his statements on climate change formerly known as global warming! I will be on at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY! I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy! “To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.” – Think Big Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was Must watch interview on discussing #Girlpower "Once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are." - Howard Hughes If the gov't shuts down it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt. I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs! Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the U.S. but first they want apology. Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad Foreign candidate getting foreign donations. New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state. Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity. Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better. "Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment."--Midas Touch I'll be on this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about! In the latest poll Danger-Weiner’s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter. The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald! Now the UN is attacking franchise With all the world's problems is this really a top priority? Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility. Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries which are highly combustible as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit. Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year! Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! “Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates “Trump on Obama: ‘I never thought it would be this bad’” via Congratulations to on his electoral victory. He will now be the longest serving A great leader. The habitual vacationer has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours. Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke! John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union? It’s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming? Price gouging at many gas stations $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world. Wrong used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing! I will be on tomorrow morning at 7:15" Hope you enjoy and agree! I still don’t know who I’m going to choose. or Who do you like? Congratulations to on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady. “How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's £63m private jet” via by The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news. He will never be our true ally! Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai 272 right down the middle. must be doing something right if sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to is attacking him. Someone should ask in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined. Congratulations to on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare. China is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad. As hard as it is to believe sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC. Via "‘MAJOR COUP’: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY! Apparently said something about me on his show yesterday. I was surprised to find out he is on TV. Who knew?! Great seeing at for "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -- William James You get what you vote for. 21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. #missuniverse #TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! #TrumpAdvice “Fortunately for a quarterback you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! Pigs get slaughtered … again. Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory. I will and I agree! RT you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?! David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year. For all of those that were hoping I was wrong and this is a very unimportant subject to me Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income. Brian I hope isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news. Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on I am honored by the great support. #IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriends—not good for Notre Dame—but they’ll be back! Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country we just do not win period! In calling my tweets ‘obnoxious’ says “I sure know how to keep them wanting more.” They are welcome. I just tell it like it is. Weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what NYC needs a pervert Mayor. Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice ! RE: Michael Jackson: "He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. It’s a devastating loss!" -Donald J. Trump Amazing! Watch fans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue! It’s Wednesday. How many times will A-Rod sue the today? A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament. I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site Raise money for anything! These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the Losers such as George Will and use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate. Via by “Trump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job! The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice. Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1 My son and just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple! Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards. Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy "reporter" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) Welcome to the new reality. 23116928 US households on food stamps Obama's Hope &amp; Change. On my way to to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award. The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also the new driving range is open at night! How can the economy ever recover when keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth. Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems notify the poll workers. Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it! Obama is angry frustrated and desperate. He said “voting is the best revenge” He is divisive. I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters! Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go. An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel- A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon. Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do while there is a record 21% real unemployment! Congratulations to Bill O’Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy. People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets letters and calls… I was standing with when a young high school star Kevin Garnett said to a crowd "Forget Shaq I want to meet Donald Trump." Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know look at OJ &amp; others) Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them! My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero "The Art of the Deal" = #1 business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20 2014. - How quickly people forget but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad! Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid while their causes are seeing very little... Obama opposes sanctions on Iran They are laughing at Kerry &amp; Obama! "Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely... Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work it can’t even protect your personal information A disaster. I can’t believe allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football. "Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything success makes it more fragile." --The Art of the Deal Think of it the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid! Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change. Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending. “Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.” - Pat Riley Why the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal. On top of the disrespect shown by Russia don’t forget they still have Snowden who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive US secrets. Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices? Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night. Thanks for the info Rosie--get well. #TrumpVlog Free our Marine! I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now. For those of you that have conveniently forgotten dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)! My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it! Just hit a million on Facebook- The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue. "Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness." -- B.C. Forbes The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. ... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season! I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day! Thank you for dedicating your birthday today to the for Click here to donate: Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt? We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us. Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums Washington won’t feel any pain There are many editorial writers that are good some great &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes. Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated. Via by “What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump” I just learned that has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama? I like being nice to people. What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity. Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter. It’s Thursday. is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past. Remember at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! Thanks &amp; I won't let you down. Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is "the best course I've ever played" "If you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience." - Midas Touch The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 Don't let them intimidate you! China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' SAD! Bottom line I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin a very dangerous lifeline at that! It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. released the terrorist! Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent. Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S. It's called good dealmaking or simply leadership! Cajole. Met a big fan today! China watched Obama’s press conference yesterday salivating. We will be borrowing trillions more from them. I'm saying that the Tea Party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory! #CelebApprentice With three wonderful but fired contestants- It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad! I just got Mike Leach's new book Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading. This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble! China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine They will end up stealing the design from us as usual. “When your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.” – Midas Touch My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont) Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year Be careful. The sexual abuse that is so rampant has according to generals greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it. #TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John. I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another? Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago. Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does! Stupid George Will gave no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy. I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads. This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night). Today I spoke Convocation a great North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders. I wonder what was thinking last night as delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate. Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- "no more fighting!" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse The US Navy wants to go "green." Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break! HOUSE LEADERSHIP – ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP. "A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --Douglas MacArthur A message for Hollywood- The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi What about the video tape? Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins an editorial writer at The New York Times is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent! just got “fired”—the people spoke ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it! The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years. Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable. This ‘deal’ voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts. It is pathetic. Obama is laughing at them. Could be the hurricane helps are rioting in the streets over gasoline “Perception about India has changed says Donald Trump” via by Kailash Babar "The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -- Sun Tzu I will be live tweeting! New episode starting now! American league wins! Please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet” -- it is a total scam. Check background &amp; you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy. I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the Hall of Fame. "The dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants." --The America We Deserve My int. with announcing the January 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of Don’t forget to watch tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprentice I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the S.E.C. It never should have been brought in the first place! Like Al Sharpton apologized to me for calling me a racist on accepted! Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. must do the right thing stand strong &amp; defund! Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama! Rev. is a great man and so is his son Franklin Graham. I will be doing at 7.00 (15 minutes). #TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Father’s Day… "Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us WE HAVE CARDS It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obama’s war on coal. This November send DC a message vote for Wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted! Dennis—Thank you for being honest. Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldn’t take it. Great! Today is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country? In three years people won’t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp; totally destroy the environment in which they sit. Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority. No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck... While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing. As an addition Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market! I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties. The Audacity of Ineptitude – ObamaCare website will cost over $1B When will someone finally be held accountable? Very excited for and wedding this weekend. Wow I have always liked the but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house standing O best speech! Sad. I watched this AM re: &amp; dating. She looks terrific better than ever any guy would be lucky to be with her. "He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious." -- Sun Tzu Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt. when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage stop by and say hello. Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail. Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Who is this guy? Where's the media? Via "DONALD TRUMP: EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ‘WORSE THAN IT’S EVER BEEN" WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it! Congratulations to on exposing more Democrat voter fraud. was caught red handed telling people to vote twice. With the debt limit approaching has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win. This Sunday at 9/8C the real playoffs begin with the premiere of Game on in the Boardroom... I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.ºº I hear the very ungrateful has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad! I am happy that "The Job" on CBS the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)! We should not cut any aid to Egypt. Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government. apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct! The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured What is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity? George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him they will lose. Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears. After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad! is right—California taxes are far too high. It’s ridiculous. Congratulations to on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" &amp; special--and thanks for the nice words Mike. The Blue Monster was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it. The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide. trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better! looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent. I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards. Flashbk – “Trump: ‘I would build a border fence like you have never seen via by With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early. Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice hundreds of lives would be saved! "A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” - Gen. Douglas MacArthur The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice? Congratulations to on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator. you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser. Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader who has played great. Big names hunting! To all supporters make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day. Wow the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at Trump Park Avenue—each one = $100000 per month Re Florida Power &amp; Light—Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida. Not only is a racist (and boring) he's a really dumb guy! Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! I'll be co-hosting tonight. Be sure to tune in! NO GAMES! HOUSE MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DON’T THEN THEY OWN IT! Crude is about to pass $90/barrel. The OPEC monopoly must be broken. They are robbing our country blind. Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Barbara unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it! “Failed show I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it! Dopey should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power. China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense. Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us? Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be dead—a first class dummy! Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning! Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday No more aid. If only was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency. "Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program." -- Milton Friedman #trumpvlog The song "Donald Trump" hits 54 million views. Where's my money? China OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad! I have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistant Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman. Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy! Will be on at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine. visited my office- tall and beautiful! I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job. I will be doing this morning at 8 (not 7). I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad. Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! Congrats for being named #3 Best Business Hotel in Chicago in 2014 World's Best . XXIX less than 3 weeks away. Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame! Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy. Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend. Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans Why should they suffer like regular Americans? No wonder is doing so poorly with an idiot Sr. Editor like it will only get worse! Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war. I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped. Obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off by over 910000 $100B of our money wasted! The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move. When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after. Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader. In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse. Obama made a mistake. China is pushing North Korea! Won’t be a buyer’s market for long. If you can purchase a home but remember I told you this three years ago. knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night. Senate concludes “Benghazi could have been prevented” Dwight Howard just signed with Houston. Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy! Watching on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger! 500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess! I will be on at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things including The Apprentice! I'll be on On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News Via "Trump: I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd" China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China? It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp… (cont) Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp; remain united towards November. Take the Senate! Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY! We are way over the fiscal cliff. And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late. Whether you love like or hate Donald Trump I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings! Amazing view of Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday. When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say " what were we doing". We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would. Thanks. Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration Obama will soon apologize. A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them. The people of Ireland are very smart—they just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism I hope Derek Jeter’s recovery is going well. He is a very special player and a great guy. New York loves him. #TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica NY. I will be on at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy! Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse. Our new Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished. She is a wonderful role model. With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC) Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel. Very exciting week for I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week! Scary--while has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt. WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont) Via “Trump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite” Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%. Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street Manhattan If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia) as they say in the movies SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER! (Brian Williams anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." Just think about that statement! Wow! Letterman show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT Better get a large screen iPhone and fast or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB! My ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's! The entire cast will be back for the live finale of Monday night at 8 PM Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England! Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years. ObamaCare will slow us down even more. Has to be repealed. Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction too bad! .#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win? Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune Surprised signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long. ICYMI-- Reading newspapers and see... #BillyGraham95 #happybirthday The massive Blue Monster is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat! I will be on at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL! Read about my victory against sleazebag More people should fight when they’re right! I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch! Glad to hear &amp; are standing up to attack on the Tea Party. My interview on Tom Brady Hillary Clinton the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! Very exciting—tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the Hall of Fame. It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today? If Obama was smart he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't. “Keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.” – Midas Touch Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best! The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively. Stop and frisk works. Instead of criticizing Chief Ray Kelly New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe. Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. I recorded robo calls for &amp; All had record wins. #MidasTouch “Romney’s $2 Billion Sacrifice for America” By Chris Ruddy ObamaCare Story of the Day: “Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare” will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS. If reelected will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice. Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time The winner of Best In Show of the 139th Miss P visited today- Everyone should watch the documentary ‘Windfall’ on See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms. Not only does Obama spy on German leaders he criticizes their trade surplus We should have a trade surplus! I really enjoy doing every Monday at 7 AM. and are great people. $ave your $. Don’t invest in He doesn’t have a clue. Congratulations to the 7 properties who made Best Hotels List: .#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive must put on a better front! We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the Arab Leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay! Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce... The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland which I am renovating. This place is incredible! Pervert alert--serial sexter is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do? Here we go! Interesting…the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson. Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. They were sheltering him. I have a lot of stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... Great job on this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all. Dopey Sugar I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired. Lots of comments—Do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others? Join to get to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 RT I am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it. I will be interviewed on at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about! Dopey Arianna is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble! Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy). The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now! “Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Convention” via “All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - What is he reading? #Oscars "When we're talking about math that doesn't add up how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years." What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs. Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto. #1 in all of Canada. Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS! I told that and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad! The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false! This guy can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest. The Trump Tower restaurant Trump Grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible “A” – the food is also great! Everyone is excited for return to All-Star Be warned this time Gary is even more insane! NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans. did a great job last night. Watch the clip! I had a fantastic time with at the grand opening of the great Watch the video- Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so will Obama apologize to him? "Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama." - GOTV for David this Tuesday! The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this! Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills Dopey ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice. Keep making me money. Yea NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday! Amazing show. Should have settled … Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory. "TRUMP’S BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HE’LL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMA’S CHOICE IF..." By Why does continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH place with childish behavior? Really unprofessional! The are going to have a terrific season. &amp; will do great things on the field. No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed! "I stand ready to lead us down a new path where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed not by a resentment of success." -- Newt attacks on record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake! Media silent when called a murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard! When defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate she was defending a complete lie JUST IN: A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale. The people of Scotland have spoken—a great decision. I wish well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen! Must see video--Obama's criticism of is identical to Carter's on Reagan June 16th- Under his administration oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% Obama did not tell truth last night. With listing himself as "Born in Kenya" in HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate. #SCAM A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great. After being ripped off for years Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me. Via by “Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS." Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing. Getting ready for some big news with my friends at "Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation but for life satisfaction." - Arthur C. Brooks Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE! Ronald Kessler's new book "The Secrets of the FBI" is a great book that should be read by everyone. Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless! This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont) Have passion drive and enthusiasm? You can check out the careers here: leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare. Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and will win it! The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?! Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching! Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off. The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs! With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together. Going over to to do LIVE at 9:00. The dying asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper! From Fox and Friends interview: Trump: "We should not go back" to Iraq Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart brighter days are ahead. If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have. Don't talk to me about Bush I was never a defender or a fan! Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close? #TrumpVlog Make our country great again! With our national debt passing $16T during the convention has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary. “Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsured” ObamaCare is not working and has missed all targets. It’s Thursday. How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff? Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by A record 2000+ sell out I'll be at Liberty University Monday 10 AM for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out! Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel -- absolutely magnificent. Great! Still a great time to buy residential property. The courts are holding up foreclosures. Buy directly from the banks. On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes! Republicans remember—debt ceiling debt ceiling debt ceiling—be smart and you will win! My wife Melania will be on today 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mother’s Day—call in! This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever. Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for "W… (cont) Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous. and friends at works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser! What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya "homeland" in 2008 People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium --- unlike others I stayed open. A-Rod had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips. We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble. Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the country—Miami is hot! Via "Donald Trump in New Video" Emin &amp; family are wonderful people. Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity! N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts - should have been trial. Politics! Via "Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone" Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great! Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland! Great job tonight Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment Donate to #TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt- Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate Mitt should bring up college applications &amp; records In light of Newtown our country has to pull together. A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow. Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race including the big one! Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before. You get what you vote for. US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again By the US winning the Olympic medal count we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA! I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction always watch the money! ObamaCare Horror Story: “Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration” strikes again! Do you believe is blaming global warming for the hurricane? #TrumpAdvice Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice! Wow Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants! The delegates at the convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt? Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists Via by “TRUMP: ‘I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE’” #TBT With the cast of GoodFellas We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made! Wow Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! scored last night on both substance and style. Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M Another racist remark by you Danny are you a racist? Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight! did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric! Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today. It's Monday how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy? It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be. WH should take my offer. Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool... The new motto - "You Own Nothing Not Even Your Own Success" ... So much for ‘global warming.’ Earth is cooling at a record pace For the disciples of global warming in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4! Great interview with on discussing the real estate economy &amp; 2016 must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda. My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools. Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria and now this! What's next? When will realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines? Via by &amp; "Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the ‘Last Thing We Need’" Based on new oil prices the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess! I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing? What a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job see u at Doral. Derek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history. Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from waste your vote. Obama must go! Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by this Thursday. A record 2000+ attendees-Can't wait! I wonder why is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment? Congratulations for being named in Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! Via by “Donald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government” Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us. I guess Rupert Murdoch and the don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said "bull." Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans! can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money so I'm happy) In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break! Today will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office. What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil. Pennsylvania is in play All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it! If really loved this country he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare. The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. Chinese oil trader just bought “record number” of Mideast crude China gains while we fight ISIS. What are we doing? The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium. Obama said "not optimal" to Ambassador &amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate. one of my favorite musicians- in my office. "I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning." - my speech Part 1 of my int. with discussing why I am strongly considering running for President Congratulations to for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad! Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman after years of looking file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case! Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate Not when you are running for Mayor! "To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time." --'Midas Touch' with Another clip from my interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers No Courage! By popular request I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.). If you don’t treat yourself like royalty no one else will. is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel Will be doing this morning at 7:00. ENJOY! Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - Enjoy! Why did give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return? Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone Obama just stop already. #CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight! I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets. FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget. Speaking to a record crowd of over 20000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morning—look forward to it! Nation's infrastructure is collapsing MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work. “A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers... Amazing. People are sending letters of support for sign to my other properties including even Thank you! '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !! Remember Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful! #CelebApprentice What do you think of the new teams/PMs? I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch it will be good! Will be on at 7:00 this morning - enjoy! A beautiful article by on my newly opened golf course in NYC Trump Links Ferry Point Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doing—his life is now officially over! Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp; in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive. Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late! Lightweight just got his ass kicked by Trump! Remember while is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan. Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit! Still waiting to hear from Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity. Congratulations to &amp; his team on their important court win for the First Amendment! Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated wildlife killed incl. bald eagles Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp; are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history. A study says is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically environmentally &amp; aesthetically. Thanks. Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obama’s bidding. Can’t win this way. Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect! “Polling strong Donald Trump starting to get serious” via by Thanks Another Crooked Hillary Fan! Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you! #TrumpVlog needs to rest and relax. It's not working. I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight! Old story one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting I don’t. I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care! Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public? Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful. Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama. I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters but (cont) We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess! Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week. &amp; both did a wonderful job hosting Everyone loved &amp; performances! #TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond- On Monday ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums higher taxes and part-time replacement employees. We continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives. From the great author of Rich Dad Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee Re: hiring contractors remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable. Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press? The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV hurts golf badly. A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret! ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible! Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY! Via Wears 2014's $300000 Crown Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look" I am convinced that if had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland the vote would have been much better for him! I actually enjoyed the piece re sign Could it be that I’m starting to like Jon Stewart? I love show "Law and Order" but the casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable! I put on Apprentice at his request I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement. Via by "Trump Slams Bush: ‘I Don’t See Him Winning; I Don’t See There’s Any Way’" We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile. China is laughing at us. It is really sad. Will do thanks. documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage! Again I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate some not! You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing! Looking forward to speaking Convention in Nashville The 2nd Amendment is a right not a privilege! "Donald Trump: If Bill Maher Does Not Pay Off His $5 Million Bet – 'Then I’ll Sue Him'" via Dopey Sugar I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are! Congratulations to and on yesterday's very exciting game. Unlike U.S. China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants we don’t. Stupid! has continually degraded Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show Catholics should boycott HBO. should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate. The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder ratings are going down the tubes. #TrumpAdvice Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY! I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall. supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign Shameful but no surprise. What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING! The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling. They can get everything they want. Focus! ...Overall the Academy Awards were very average at best. "Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 &amp; There’s Nothing You Can Do About It" by Letterman had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban. In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator the answer is Darrell Hammond. Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral Miami. GARY IS GREAT! Dopey still owes me $5M for charity. I hope he pays up before fires him--which will happen! The primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity! Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela Brazil Mexico USA India Australia. A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps Four more years? Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people great dedication. #TrumpAdvice So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. It was a great honor to be on on Wow the response was amazing! Congratulations to for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year! Via "Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell" Happy Birthday Ray. I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14. Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on with its first simulcast on I am very proud of Ivanka! I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener! 10 P.M. Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) Designed by New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends Watch my appearance on from last night- The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East. Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London. A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to. The onus is on Obama to first release his records. All new starts right now! Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous! Why isn’t the congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare? A rare case where the U.S. should help- If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent what will he say? Obama's '07 speech which just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him. Obama planted that story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table. Again immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. That’s what’s happening! Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled "All In." Did she know something? Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY! I always said that had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping he gave his enemies an opening. What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or as President? “Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'Blew It' Shouldn't Run Again” via by Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry after we blew the hell out of the place says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran. The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make. #CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery. Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club. Via by “Donald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'” “As someone once put it ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program God ever created.’” #TimeToGetTough Great to see Captain Derek Jeter back on the field. He will have another great season and make NYC proud again. "For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." Aristotle “Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun... It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests. My shirts ties and fragrance are doing "great" at them! Make fantastic gifts. Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by and a Q&amp;A with #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Congratulations to on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award! If the government doesn't start working together the media is right &amp; we will hit a "fiscal cliff." We need to avoid this. Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! "When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me my general attitude all my life has (cont) Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell! "You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do." Great quote by Henry Ford. Via by "Donald Trump: GOP nominee ‘can’t be Mitt can’t be Bush'" Obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow he really feels emboldened. Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people! ...One point I made sure to stress at is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you... Rambling and stumbling is as dumb as a rock! It was great being on in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys fantastic show! Via by Bring back jobs from overseas” Let's Make America Great Again! This is why is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success. Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it! Via by “Donald Trump Headed To Iowa Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence” "Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people." On Jimmy Fallon tonight. Obama has changed the Census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of O'Care REAL data hidden China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design. We should offset the thievery from our debt.. All the guys that said would lose are rapidly coming on board. Mitt will remember the early helpers. Dying just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long! we look forward to being with you a truly great champion tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication Looking forward to inducting me into Hall of Fame this Saturday in #WWEHOF #WrestleMania Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so! Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"! I can’t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast! The must re-negotiate contract. He is not the same player without drugs. "Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities." -- Midas Touch There’s a reason partners can’t stand him and on top of that the team sucks! Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! A lot of the should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner. “Donald Trump: 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Out” via by I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- I got George Zimmerman right- watch- should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame. Just as I predicted people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care Enjoy! Not believable that Manti Te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid.... My shirts ties &amp; cufflinks have never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts great price. Hope &amp; Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans &amp; ObamaCare is taking cancer patients’ doctors away I will be doing at 8.00 a.m. #TrumpAdvice I will be interviewed on at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics. I am on David Letterman tonight. I am very impressed by His return to this season’s showed who Dennis really is--which is very good. I pay millions of $’s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they can’t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them? Afghanistan's so called leader Karzai is toying with the U.S. …you can enhance location through promotion and work. Congress is back.TIME TO CUT CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained. Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over. Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader Congrats to &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to Great leaders &amp; managers. Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL. Go get it and others Washington - you really can do better! "Edddie24 Mr. Trump is a real American patriot. You have my vote if you ever ran. 👍" Thank you. Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists Syria is NOT our problem. Great – we are sending even more F-16’s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt This is a total disaster. House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses! I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5% a 6 month high ObamaCare the greatest job killer in US history. Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day America's 236th birthday. Here is America's actual birth certificate is excellent on American Idol—great touch solid guy! “The Trumps pay tribute to the late via I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy. "The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that." --Vince McMahon Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate “Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” via by Watched on and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt! 83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts. Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 America will be well-represented in Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the "PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR" Congratulations to on his five year anniversary as the anchor Brett is great! Surprise used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me! Via Pageant Coming to in 2015” Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us! Unsustainable. With our $17T debt &amp; $90T in unfunded liabilities government “blatantly” wasted $30B this year ...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving! China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports We need to rein them in. Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate? Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website On in two minutes! New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency Our leaders better get smart fast. If US Air &amp; American Airlines are allowed to merge ticket prices will skyrocket—there will be no competition. Great to hear that legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt. I hope pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities. A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping have a great opportunity to dump him now. Go for it! Wow just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time! Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State! My speech at yesterday’s Iowa Freedom Summit via Via “The ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.” Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro our first South American hotel set to open in 2016 Great read by “Mexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants” ... That’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.” – TRUMP 101 A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract Secy. Sebelius who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain "People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going." -- Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet). The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... I'm going to the game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there. Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia. To be completed this yearTrump Int’l Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7205-yard par 71 &amp; double-sided driving range Elite Traveler &amp; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World #TrumpChicago I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. Go to to help my friend Scott Brown take back our Senate. Why Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400 000 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic! One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building If you have any doubt that must be defeated see '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film! Considering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete if he wins he won’t have a mandate. Another 4 years of legislative stalemate. In light of Boston immigration legislation will be much harder to get. Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to and now she is doing great. MUST READ ARTICLE: “Immigration reform could be bonanza for Democrats” Are the &amp; suicidal? Florida Power &amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued. guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized! I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win. I have not met but his song Donald Trump has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing. I will be on On The Record tonight at 7 PM What people don't know about is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) It’s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst AG wearing today? - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be "dead finished gone kaput" Great business foresight. Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured blowing in the breeze. is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving He can win! An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp; take the (cont) “Trump on Romney: ‘You Just Can’t Give Him Another Chance’:Some golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt.” via Congratulations to &amp; for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results! "A president either is constantly on top of events or if he hesitates events will soon be on top of him... Looking forward to being at the announcement tonight. “Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction! Sorry to hear was dead last in the gutter in their Boston bombing coverage Sleepy eyes is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry jock. The failing and dopey are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough! BE CAREFUL. General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future. The real war on women. Under 766000 more women are unemployed from when he took office “I also plan to keep making deals big deals and right around the clock.” – The Art of The Deal Via "Donald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course" #TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry a Luxury… Must read opinion piece by CEO Jim Clifton: “The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment” Just as I have long been saying… "Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos via My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature! Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun. Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again! I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs. should be thankful. The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageantwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest. Congrats for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Te’o’s test papers. Just as I predicted today Obama called for even more tax increases. The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards. played golf yesterday. Now he heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard. Nice work ethic. has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message. Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are here is my interview- ... Is a third party coming? I hope not. There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence. Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding Do people think this is fair? Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant. They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one! "I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway you might as (cont) People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious! The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough! "Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a director's point of view." -- Steven Spielberg I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats. If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower call office. Via by forza_desiderio: “Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola: Why Are You Sending Troops?” If FM needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence he will lose! Will be doing interview tomorrow. So much to talk about! "I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me." #TheArtofTheDeal gives terrible service and has many complaints just check. #TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama &amp; I thank our loyal fans for another great season of by "Donald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win." Looking forward to being hosted by for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics in five minutes. Enjoy! I would like to thank a great writer and person of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated! Via Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison” The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years. This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President. My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that. It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen! I will be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and Clowns! Excited to be returning to the State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! is a strong Conservative state party! For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)! Congratulations to on your Forbes Five-Star ratings Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast! The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone. “60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave! Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida? #TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City. If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge we are back to the days of “monopoly.” “Sure the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.” - We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episodeover 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan... I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list! Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman audience I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain.... The cast for next season looks really good! Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3. Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision. Between Libya the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President. Today will be a big day for you in many ways. The country is lucky. Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back! Jon Stewart is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it. Via "Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run" Someone just asked me who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? #TBT With my friend Standing room only in Mason City Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! Leaving now! Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by re Sony &amp; Bush Phil Mickelson’s final 66 round in was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp; a great guy! Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland. is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY! I guess saw my ratings on the the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill you are no Letterman. Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess! Sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida—just bought it will be great! Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon Scotland time. The place is amazing! The opening of the Villa at trumpdoral "‘Better Be Careful’:Donald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration Creating ’12 Million’ New Dem Voters" via I wonder how feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on Can’t be too happy. I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed franchise in ruins! Watch this amazing ad from and learn the Via "Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight" Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts . China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat &amp; rival. Nasty for the middle class electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March FRACK NOW ...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed! The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE! Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do? Via “DONALD TRUMP: ‘RICH PEOPLE DON’T LIKE ME’–POOR MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE ‘LIKE ME BEST’” Exclusive–Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran Taliban 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - Opening in 2016 Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view Via by "EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential "If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party." -- True! The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad! Via "Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'" Premiering Jan. 4th the record 14th season’s cast is the nastiest yet Major Boardroom fireworks! Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine. Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC! The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links. It was great being with you on this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work! New York Fashion Week is really bad and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW Via by “Donald Trump: Giving ‘serious thought’ to presidential run” The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation. Make sure to catch season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun November 11th. Great show. 13 BILLION 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued. . made a great decision in firing from The show will be better without her! Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is. Thank you for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it! If only speeches could create jobs then wouldn't have such a dismal economic record. With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy even more reason to start fracking. Will create jobs &amp; lower prices. "A market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one." -- Henry Ford Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented. Congratulations to on being named Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office. Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough! Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - "NEVER ENDING COLD" A lot of people strongly advised me against doing Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonHence go with your gut! What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for The place was happy and packed! Congratulations to on her superb win. She is terrific! More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee I wonder why? you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also! Congratulations to is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term! Back by popular demand the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ features the return of Our fans will be happy. Watch the clip from where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency Vince McMahon and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling. The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day. “Our side needs Donald Trump.” -- on show last night. Thanks Ann. Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well. They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook With the run on our dollar about to take place commodity prices will rise. Gold silver &amp; timber will spike-- also certain real estate. When renovations are completed Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S. The reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved left years ago The next generation of luxury will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will like Newsweeksoon be dead. Bad list! If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the "rebels" executing prisoners you would say forget the rebels! ...and borrow cheap! You will thank me someday. "People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough I would like to thank for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time). I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years. Amazing--both Transformers &amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence. Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See I can be very military. High rank!… would be nothing without being on the show. I don’t see what Sean sees in her—loser! Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US China is robbing us blind! The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is he can’t stand them! My int. on why I am considering running for POTUS negotiations &amp; making America great again By “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” "The Donald” should go far." Actually if I run I'll win. "It's important that we help poor people to become independent self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work." #TimeToGetTough once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice Great job! Via by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy. After one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now! Look I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself including recently. His life will now be hell. Third rate took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive. In my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light. ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised – $2.6T It is not sustainable. (h/t Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties at Trump DC &amp; at Trump Bedminster It’s that time of the year. in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world. A landmark. It's Tuesday. is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this. I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone! NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral. It's Wednesday how much money is China stealing from us today? Have we ever had a POTUS before who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country? Via by “Trump Unveils Renovated Red Tiger Golf Course” Remember Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself! China has control over North Korea! Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides you are not the star (&amp; never will be). Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA. Smart gorgeous--a really positive force! wants to see 10 yrs of tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.' Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump Looking forward to speaking at the #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again! How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?! The independent watchdog who exonerated for the failed green energy loans just donated $52500 to Obama's campaign. If you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs. From rags to riches and back to rags! What a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending Wait until 2014 when Obama Care is fully implemented. is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy go get them and make them pay. No signals just do it! I will be on tonight. Always have a good time with Now we know he will get high ratings tonight. I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank. called me a "master marketeer" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp; people come. Obama is the most profligate deficit &amp; debt spender in our nation’s history. Doubled debt (cont) The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium. Jerry GREAT pick - you will have a really good season! Wind farms are ugly not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them. When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group... I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans lakes and rivers. If something works stay with it. Looking forward to being honored at Patriot Dinner with in Charleston SC this Sunday Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530000. Wow it’s now official. ObamaCare website has topped $1B Will soon be up to $1.5B #TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. Why is spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency. Thank you very much for the nice story I greatly appreciate it- Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch? Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term More like $12T in new debt if he wins. Obama’s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer "hot" "Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from." Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again. MUST READ “President Obama's Amnesty At Any Price” Congress - Use the Power of Purse! Defund Amnesty! Frank you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo. Watch and accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- “Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont) is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party. I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink Are you ready for the All Star is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet! The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a "masterpiece" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU! I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport a terrible situation! To He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. #Trump Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 We have to get tough with China before they destroy us. The great in my office with my son GREAT playing you are the best! So what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our "leaders"? This is a scandal! Going to Charlotte NC to speak before more than 20000 people on Saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great! One season ends and another starts. Already casting for the next Great news for charity--$13 million so far. Dopey is in for a lot of trouble—I hope he has $5 million (for charity). “The team with the best players wins.” -- I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised or given Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse? Via "14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well" Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable bad &amp; expensive energy! at 7:00 A.M. “Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- "Empire" -- "Because every man has his own empire to build'” "I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont) The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing ugly wind turbines. “Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport 'really successful'” via "Americans never quit." -- General Douglas MacArthur "Mr. President take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago." -- "Defund it or own it. If you fund it you're for it." - Where’s the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record Thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated. "For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- Aristotle "I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower but I also had a great product." - The Art of the Deal Congratulations for making #GoldList2015! Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list as his son in his 1961 INS application? I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television. It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank. #CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom. Sorry the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S. Here we go with the Oscars! I pick the best locations- has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. Tea Party rebuttal to Obama’s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done! Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate How do third rate talents with no smarts like get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings! Making his case in a nice and articulate manner. Via by “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'” Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see! #TBT Here I am with and Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you! My int. on on how to defeat ISIS Obama losing ground to ISIS &amp; Making America Great Again! Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin’ Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article… Watch my appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11? show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex. China must be worried that will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like Where’s the press? 1484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama I'm on the David Letterman tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS. Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years. Via “Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure” Internal polling shows that I would swamp in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But won’t run if party is not unified. Via “Donald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death: ‘I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake’” Via “WATCH: See How Trump Just Torched Obama Biden Kerry For Snubbing Paris Anti-Terror March” #CelebApprentice who do you think won? #TrumpVlog wasn't even a short term fix at The View. Great going. Now that it’s almost over I can’t believe that unions &amp; management couldn’t save Twinkies etc--&amp; management just got a $1.75M bonus. I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go. Trump International Hotel Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at NY today- Just leaving for in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. I’ll be doing show tonight on CNN at 9 PM. Will be very interesting. (I hope!) Congrats for winning Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014' award! DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate What is he thinking? "Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender" via by In Charlottesville VA is Virginia’s largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader Via by "DONALD TRUMP: MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKER’S COLLEGE A ‘DOUBLE Wow ratings are really low worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again! Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this. My int. by discussing the Sunday premiere of 14th season Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell! Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have win the election than his win games shows real patriotism. The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you! I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J. Trump shirts ties suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII Need to loosen regulations and lower taxes. "A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --General Douglas MacArthur Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless you’re Then you just blame the Tea Party. I am proud to announce our newest project Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group it will be incredible! Sadly I’m probably helping lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it. Newly released NH poll has with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week. RT the photos that they don't show the public... I fully supported McCain but when he lost hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't. Interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding. Excited to be speaking at Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! mother thinks I’m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice Glad to hear will be staying on Elizabeth has great presence &amp; doesn’t back down from sharing her views. It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic. So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose. Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obama’s war on coal American families will be hit even harder. Must read column for all young people: "Obama's war on young voters who elected him" By “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” … "The Donald” should go far." Actually if I run I'll win. I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight! I am on now! I love watching the dishonest writers suffer the magazine’s failure. I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting! I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes. Much to talk about enjoy! It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America. From the Wall Street Journal: "Google Steps Into Autism Research" re Just read bestseller book—really great! Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN I enjoyed meeting with to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake. Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice George Will said "best debate he ever saw". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting. NBC terminates "The Chris Matthews Show" You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career! "This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." Obama to discussing our nuclear arsenal. I have accepted $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the show). How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid by the City (or both)? Via by “Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run” When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support... My int. on the border crisis #BringBackOurMarine &amp; Obama’s ineptitude &amp; the economy Help fight autism--go to website for donations &amp; government activation. Oh no they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish? t IMPORTANT - &amp; will hold a hearing on Oct. 1w/USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi’s mother &amp; wife HI! Via Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow “Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid” via by Scary is a heartbeat away from the Presidency. Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support! Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery phony numbers But is physically weak he has no clubhead speed or game! Dopey Sugar worth more than $8 billion acknowledged almost no debt ... Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of Celebrity Apprentice. Watch you won't believe what happens! My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio. Where’s the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed His signature legislation... Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted will give good prices &amp; financing. should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting! I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs! Via by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge – Dares Obama” No surprise that is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism. Any network that air’s garbage has zero credibility. Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new tonight at 8PM ET on NBC! Once again has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star He is a great competitor. If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas? ...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent? It's Thursday how much $ has wasted today? THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club Bedminster just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes! Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsi’s ouster When will Obama demand Morsi’s resignation as he did to Mubarak I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself. We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline. Chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows. He is single-handedly destroying the entire channel. Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla. My son is in Memphis at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital... Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals. The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel. Last October on attacked and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize? Congratulations are in order! ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by #TravelersChoice Awards! There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is Many people still out of power in Staten Island. Absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they get service? I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer Good luck! I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event it's not my day job. With and from two great people! The now $1.2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election. Under Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under America has added over $6T in debt. Looking forward to book of "Buseyisms"! Tonight at 9 P.M. on - ENJOY! Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with Congrats to on today's inauguration and having done a great job! My int. on with at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal! On 59th &amp; Park Avenue Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences Thank you. I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS! Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season! Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price. in five minutes! The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place. I find it really hard to listen to speeches. He doesn't have a clue. Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders. Glad to hear will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun. Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation.. Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing! “DONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UP” via I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life. Ellen you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night! There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare. “You can attack defend counterattack sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syria’s border Wrong. These are the civilians planning the war. I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be "Fired." China is buying our shale and gas fields &amp; Obama still won’t approve Keystone Pathetic! Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure! Looking forward to a press conference today about on movie project #roadhard The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed. Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time. Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen “TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH'” via by We had a GREAT year with ties shirts and suits thanks! New selections just arrived - they are amazing! "When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program here's my advice: Distrust dismantle and verify." - I was just told by one of the top players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree. I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING! “Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” via by The interview was great for and terrible for Lance Armstrong! Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) While is a gaffe machine yesterday's comments that will "put y'all back in chains" was not at all proper. Also great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing. Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff. If taxes are raised they must come with real hard cuts. If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach Florida. Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard. Wow I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family. I am speaking today at the National Press Club totally sold out and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue! Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Miss Alabama stopped by to say hello today. Big news—WOW—U.S. economy shrinks! Congratulations to my friend on 1000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going! “I always follow my own instincts but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The Art of the Deal I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th. Should not pass--bad deal! The lunatics in Congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from Congress last week Busy doing the peoples’ work! Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22 Re Lance Armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long! "Look if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."TimeToGetTough Re TimeWarner I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous! My golf club in Westchester a great place! All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator. Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said "I've never seen a great course that was easy!" Opening for the 2014 season soon the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach Republicans don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now! What a coincidence?! campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. #FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left. Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck! It's Tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama? Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families? With premiums rising at record levels it is not equitable. Via by Rich Schapiro: "Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney Jeb Bush" Via "Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016" Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted &amp; then I starred in one which sold most PPVs. To be successful never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London. Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global How does frumpy &amp; little read editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes! The campaign took in $39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar! I remained strong for during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral. A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the And sends strong message to players. The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go. In 2016 the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination Trump Int'l Washington DC As I predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense. Via by "#REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015" revise your decision to quit--go back and fight. By "Hey Washington Post; ‘Only You Hate Donald Trump’ or 'Is it FEAR?'" to Donald Trump: ‘Fire via by 6 hotels made reader’s choice! “You want to compete and you want to compete at the highest level.” - "Donald Trump plans return to Iowa via Under 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps. Congrats for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte. Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election? I hope of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse! Mike &amp; Mike in one minute! Why has allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the What Hope &amp; Change! Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report. Mark Levin's 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic" is a truly great &amp; important book. "Trump offers $5 million for Obama college passport records" By Via by “President Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016” Great thanks. The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes Vera Coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks Vera! Trump International in Dubai will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to for their genius! “Fans like winners. They come to watch stars – great exciting players who do great exciting things.” - The Art of The Deal Via by "Trump: I can make America great again" GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN! One of the world's tallest buildings is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options The Central Park Five documentary was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about! Deportations are “plummeting” while Obama continues to grant amnesty. LIVE on #Periscope I never went bankrupt. Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal including “It's a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. could have stopped this. Congrats to a great guy on winning Daytona! I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of I support a full investigation and justice. I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing! the winner of after last night's victory- Putin says Russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—U.S. wants to reduce—are we crazy? will be featured on this morning (now). Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected. Via by “Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill” Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city great hotel. #TrumpToronto Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas. It’s Thursday. How much did OPEC steal from all of us today? The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success! Why would be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide? Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B. It is actually double that at $1.1T We can't afford four more years. Watch this video of my wonderful golf club in beautiful Colts NeckNJ- #TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! Problem with is not their message it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message. Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136260 per household a 50% increase since took office. I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. Trump International Golf Links and Hotel Ireland is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud! Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people including Bruno. We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America. Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures. With and at the opening of the Villa at Let me sum this up for you... Obama is an easy target on foreign has many openings to attack especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden. The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments. Leightweight Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy The perfect getaway is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury I look forward to my press conference Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending. By the way New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now)! The Fed should not bail out the EU. Europe's financial mess is their problem not our problem! Via by "Trump Blasts Romney Bush; Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump'" Great speech by my good friend He did something you won't hear at convention---tell the truth. More on Benghazi cover up: “ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI” Really bad. No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They don’t want responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting. "Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg resort: Billionaire says investment shows Ireland’s economy recovering" Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes? Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough! It’s Thursday. How much has OPEC ripped us off today? Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out. Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast. The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available Will be on at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy. As I predicted long ago the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy is doing a really good job on Fox especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast! Via by “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” “President Trump?” via by Wayne E. Williams Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama? I am very worried that if is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors. Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records &amp; grades. He says he loves (cont) Obama now just wants to save face Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared. Via “Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy” How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money. Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood just called the Holocaust a "myth" Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China our greatest threat We are financing our enemy. Trump National Golf Club Washington D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more! Obama was beaten but not knocked out. He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance... Via by "About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC …" Via "Joan Rivers' last work for will run on two shows next season says Donald Trump" Now A-Rod doesn’t even show up to his single-A rehab games. Maybe the will get lucky and will suspend A-Rod. Nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers. Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care. Enjoy! Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews. Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again! Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our "talk" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing! "But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country?" - George Steinbrenner Will be on at 7:00 - 5 minutes. The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher. He is a successful entrepreneur. successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November. Congratulations to on “Emmy’s Rating Tumble” Just as I predicted Seth bombed! . There can never be a sharp economic recovery until is out of the White House. China is a threat to America. They are not our friend. Why did give so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on He drove you insane but of course Piers is a lot smarter than you Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send to Senate! The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely… #TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson Via by "Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed" #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Too bad about New York Magazine but there's a much bigger one out there currently doing a story on me to get even that I'll soon discuss! It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6... Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him! Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative The only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant offers elite luxury All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is hiding? Republicans and must get tough very soon. I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprah—as I predicted everybody is suing him he’ll have nothing left Today’s assignment: read Chapter 7 ‘Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location’ of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property. Sen. has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’ Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judge’s ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills. While Obama is denying it he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before Too busy campaigning? My interview with Howard Stern this morning! As China is built on corporate espionage currency manipulation &amp; cheap labor its economy is a ticking time bomb Robert Slater who just passed away was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. He will be missed. at this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. Back by popular demand the fabulous returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star The fans love him! Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed! Congratulations to of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also a fantastic guy. Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao. A great fight! Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time! Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya Egypt Iraq Afghanistan--all (cont) Via by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico” Via by “TRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016” When Warren Buffett &amp; others play w/ bankruptcy nobody cares—when Trump plays the game it becomes a big deal! Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House. He's answered the call! responds to #ALSIceBucketChallenge! #SmackDownALS Dope! Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee The acclaimed soars 92 stories high. You’re either staying in or in its shadow. If President Obama was going to attack Syria he should’ve done it a long time ago as a surprise &amp; not after (cont) How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag! Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at the cars are fantastic. Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available offers the tops style in menswear I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their "clients" Bush was called "unpatriotic" by in '07 for adding $4T to debt increased it $6T in 3 years. I hope the Republicans are happy. Just as I predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes. While seeks to further destroy our credit our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President. Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY! We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it. Just as I predicted Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos The war was a waste. China is taking all the oil. I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was I thinking?" Tell me which is “cooler”—my induction into the Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame? Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) Rosie O'Donnell's show is "dead"- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings. is a stone cold (cont) and really hate each other. #CelebApprentice in 15 minutes! I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun great guys! Radio and T.V. is hiding plenty of bad things. Hitting at home. Democrat Sen. Joe Donnelly’s son had his healthcare plan dropped Sorry sucker as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign. Remember NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers If Scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete bird killing wind turbines country will be destroyed. According to new WPOST-ABC poll Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on for a crowd funding campaign So excited to have performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at Story written by a reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias but we will prevail! Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster! Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential. Great article in the by Ben Garrett--"Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming" So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk? Now A-Rod is claiming that and are "out to get him' He should just get the hell out of NYC already! Whether you like it or not Bush also gave us Obama! sent over 100000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL. I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid &amp; the Nackey Loeb School honoring James Foley. Too busy playing golf? sends form letters with an electronic signature to the parents of fallen SEALs Obama’s budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered The strong world is laughing at us. Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us. Wow just heard that that next Tuesday’s Politics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends. Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. #TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes. Great line from “I am an angel in an earth suit.” Do you agree? #CelebApprentice With allies like Egypt and Libya who needs enemies?! U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes I told you so! If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them. "There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare." -- Sun Tzu The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during term. is a resolute leader. When he sets a red line it stands! It’s been stated that dopey NY used cocaine while he was a state senator. Just arrived at for the starting tomorrow- I hope now starts asking for any &amp; all of sealed records--it's time. Thanks for your nice statement I just want to do as well as you have with See u soon Remember when ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes. Obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All wants is (cont) I hope Newtown CT can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy! ...I trounced him in ratings &amp; Letterman beat last Thursday. Brian—are you irrelevant? If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Field is Chicago’s #1 hotel Our amazing golf course Celebrated doctor will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana – send a Conservative to the Senate vote for Bill this November! Designed by Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details I am not available to be in new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie Via by "Aboard Donald Trump’s 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention" With and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good. "Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback" via by I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning. Don’t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory. .kimguilfoyle - great job tonight! The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown! #TBT Saturday Night Live I own but he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He can’t beat me at anything! Congratulations to on her big move to She is a total winner! Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to Great news that will be joining Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing! Here I am with #WWEHOF I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. Arsenio may your run be long successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck. How did Snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave or sold those records-traitor! #TrumpAdvice Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action! What advice would you give 's wife Huma?" Take off! Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost. really blew it. Lance Armstrong was given veryvery bad advice! Rory Tiger Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral. If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible! Thank you. Honolulu’s best features a dozen distinct tropically decorated Hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts Via by “Donald Trump: Don’t politicize Walter Scott shooting” Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back. I'm really glad that no longer says what a nice guy is. Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security. I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still am—a wonderful actress. The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone! My interview where I discuss being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV Lucky for New York highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope As bad as they were I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power. Amazing story in about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant CONGRATS! Photo from of Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel Ireland Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood now it is a complete economic mess With these record high gas prices what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate? Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son Jay. He really loved and respected his father. “Trump Tiger Team Up to Create 'Stunning' Golf Course in Dubai” via by A Veteran &amp; true Conservative will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP GOTV for Lee tomorrow! Amazing--Obama speaks market goes DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way! We should not allow to move jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned! I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters. Go to show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY! Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen! I am very proud of for her work with is a great cause helping children I’ll soon be leaving for Washington where will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting! Tonight on I’m talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in! Wow I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the voted me #1 on the "power 100" list in NY...... Hope &amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama Four more years? Congratulations to for being named one of Great Destinations: Congratulations to and for receiving the Five Diamond Award again this year! Tell me what were they doing in the Park playing checkers? One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch. Wow Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support! Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras. It's Thursday. I wonder how much money drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare. Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts -- fantastic! Would make great gifts! ... I never felt that I could let up for a moment." -- Harry S. Truman There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where recommends you take in the season's Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx NY will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful. Must read article by &amp; “America’s Untapped Energy Weapon” We don't need foreign oil! Every economic climate whether an uptick or downturn presents new opportunities and challenges. Due to the holiday I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7. People love #CelebApprentice Looking forward to addressing on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington DC. Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel Ireland fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge I'm a skeptical guy but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings. has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares. Only 36 days until the election. needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies! I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi. Congratulations to on winning the PGA championship. Great job! #TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations. USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation. It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives. Via by “Trump Wants Ebola Travel Ban” #TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. The World Bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’ And we wonder why international organizations are ineffective. Mr. Pesident you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy! Via by Moshe Cohen: “Donald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed” "More than anything else I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes." #TheArtofTheDeal Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be "redone" Sleepy eyes -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you. “Donald Trump to crown as Miss Universe venue” via Here's a sneak peek at the convention theme: "It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh and government built it." Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) You get what you vote for! According to new employment numbers 296000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work. Trump Int'l Hotel Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. Congratulations to on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud. is proud to be hosting where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. A test: tweet me the reason was fired from (other than his bad ratings). Even better government kills by drones but we can't even own guns. Thanks Erik. ...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t bother just keep making me money! Karl Rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen. A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed. Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits... PM should be run out of office for spending so much of England’s money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland. What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice #TrumpAdvice Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese. Why doesn’t he come home then? Congratulations to on her impressive primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on miss it at 8 ET! Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor After Syria our enemies are laughing! Celebrate Thanksgiving with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual Thanksgiving Parade® Mariano Rivera Yankee pitcher is the greatest ever. Get well fast. memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal “Donald Trump: $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among World’s Best” via "Donald Trump praises and welcomes him back to All Star via America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People. Breaking ground shortly Trump Int’l Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur #TrumpAdvice Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire. "AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back. It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ;) #ALS" May happen thx Congrats to has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling. Congrats Mr. Trump on making list of wealthiest in the world." Thanks! 2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. must be defeated. stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful! needs to make regret that he ever asked for his tax records. Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013. ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents. By the way folks is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is! The premier landmark in midtown NYC Trump Tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall California gas prices going thru the roof others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama. For information on Trump University victory call Alan Garten Esquire at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman Esquire at 212.867.4466. Thank you for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - "BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION" - &amp; "ALL TIME" Thank you. Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in Congrats to all! Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the convention. Everyone will love it. What's more important for the American public to have? tax returns or sealed records? so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man" Great. When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first. My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better! must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this? Congratulations to on the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check out excerpt W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FL’s #1 course Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Then heading to Dubai a great company. You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard! Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World! via WSJ. Wake up before you destroy Scotland. I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice The Spa offers 5 star services12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking Chicago skyline Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting? Glad to hear attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte! Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got fired—for the failing likes the building but doesn’t like the Trump sign Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border A coup for the migrant Democrats. Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode! “Exclusive: Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubai” via by My interview discussing why we do not need another Bush The liberal media is focusing on bank records. How about reviewing illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko? ‘Moderate’ Repubs plotting against strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House &amp; primaries aren't fun. Via by “Donald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics” Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C. Scotland does not have free press even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy! Enough about my ties etc. but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and loves Trump)! The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends Dangerous for us but great news for China. continues to defend the billions it pissed away on ‘green energy’ failures Your money was wasted. There is. should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore! If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business. Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?” NY should frack now. What’s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class? Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language. Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office. Open for the 2014 season Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world My honor. Get ready for tonight! $4 gasoline – wow—OPEC is very happy! WATCH – WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was ‘an important figure’ in crafting the law Both Barack and were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night! Via by “Poll: Hispanics Blacks Call for Tighter Borders Access to Illegals' Jobs” W/ views of NYC's skyline Trump Stamford is Connecticut’s most luxurious high rise featuring Trump amenities “Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event” via by “Trump: ‘Very much inclined’ to enter GOP White House race” via by Drew Peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty. Via “Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President” Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think. Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int? President Obama's "Arab Spring" is not looking so good right now! Via by “In Iowa Trump Promises to ‘Surprise a Lot of People’” I just left in CharlottesvilleVirginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible! Also The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why! If had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it? The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste. Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. A great Father’s Day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel along with items from my signature collection says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting MSNBC (cont) in 5 minutes. Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate I am happy to announce that the will be held at this year! Follow for more! No surprise serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer #TBT and I 20 years ago- I don’t know why the keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out. The atrium of dressed up for Christmas- looks better with her reduced lips. Good move Lisa. #CelebApprentice After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D the Chinese will ‘overtake America’ in 2016 ... Via by "Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination" Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ... Remember you are not even the real "boss" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you! #TrumpVlog South African justice- Latin America’s tallest building is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury Congratulations to Obama and the The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row Nice work! Mark—nice picture thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time I’ll go and you’ll win! ‎In anticipation of ObamaCare part-time jobs are surging &amp; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce Congratulations for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in for a meal you’ll never forget. radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp talented &amp; great sense of humor. Congratulations. The only job cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection. Watch episode 2 online again via “Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump" Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel Ireland fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! Via by &amp; "Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016" will enjoy today's #trumpvlog... Johnny Miller—Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral. General Petreus and his family are paying a big price! Congrats on new book "A Little Bit Vulnerable" you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also not a pressure player. &amp; &amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games. 84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there. "Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records" via A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It” Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better. “Donald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of via A 7242 yd. masterpiece $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views ...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country! “Donald Trump Congratulated on for Receiving the ‘Liberty Award’” via #TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real. Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades as has Sixteen its signature restaurant. Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress They deserve to be there! Via by “Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention” - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason would hurt tourism! Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best! Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available at tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress! Deal done--too late dopey! I don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy but have an obligation to charity to bring it. Congratulations for being named #12 resort in Europe by the #ReadersChoice2014 awards! My shirts ties and suits are selling great because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks! So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later. Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late! Congratulations to on her successful first day as co-host of Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth. The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH I wonder when we will be able to see college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait? Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed? Tune in to at 7:15. Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel. The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse) ...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast. Aaron it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also really good job on television! Watch me explain on the how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency Via as seen on “Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day” Congrats to on the success of the new smash show Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV! My int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama Ebola rise of ISIS Obama's lack of common sense &amp; 2016 Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans. is right—the Republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough. I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran? Real estate taxes are far too high Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio. One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage. Via by “Donald Trump: Obama’s Jobless Figures ‘Phony.’ Economists agree.” is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame. I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M. I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC. I have none! Fracking poses ZERO health risks In fact it increases our national security by making us energy independent. discusses our #TrumpPets program Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again. A former classmate Roy Eaton has published a great book “Makers Shakers &amp; Takers” – check it out Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster and I feel this is only the beginning! Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal. Smart. Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity! With from #TheBachelor in Iowa- Via by “Donald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight” "_xx_justme I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. "Respect" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country." Thx "People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough In '08 said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was has already added $6T. Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of here Via BY Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump was right on Ebola” Weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President. After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB! "Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally." - US Senator 2007 How do you like Seth and Oscars so far? I will be doing tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock. Will be interesting and tough! I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back! I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour an ambassadorship. She is a winner &amp; really smart! Be sure to watch “The History of WrestleMania” on My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it. is definitely different. #CelebApprentice ...It's called intellectual property rights something they know nothing about. Had a great time on the show this morning—he will and should never change! The Trump Spa is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms Brian wrote a wonderful book called "George Washington's Secret Six" that is truly worth reading. The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show! The "lady" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500 000 and is sophisticated &amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the "age card" - bad! Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday "We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." (cont) Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC. Great going. Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb! Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous! It was my great honor to defend on last night—he has come a long way and for the good! The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News. “Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show... was so nervous talking about me on the show—I’ve never seen him like that! MUST READ! My editorial: "I love Chicago ... and my sign!" of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional. Wind farms are now being paid to shut down A complete waste. When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly after the election! Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate. Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US. America will boom. Via by “Obama Administration Quietly Prepares ‘Surge of Millions’ of New Immigrant Ids” Now the Chinese are hacking &amp; Twitter When will we hold these thieves accountable? Must read editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- "Wilding for Profit" When had his own show The Benefactor it totally “bombed!” 92 stories above North Michigan Avenue 5-Star rated rooms have the best views of Chicago How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur. "Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation." #TheArtofTheDeal can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. Dopey critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign. Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal. There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa. Why is continuing to lie? has found that did not ship jobs overseas Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014. Lightweight is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope! As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved! My interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up Hostess' closing &amp; celebrating Thanksgiving with family Congratulations to new Congressman being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus. For the sake of transparency should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia. With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama. Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out. How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours? Congratulations to for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. is so excited. I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm. One of the country’s dumbest newspapers—The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. It’s dying. Much more than anybody knows dopey much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail. Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background? Who is he? ... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids! Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding Obama's policies are unsustainable #TBT Trump and Gekko- #FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney and Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers a spectacular course with hill vistas bunkers and incredible water features. Trump International Golf Club Turnberry Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history Congrats to for being named Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014! Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop we can be at a tremendous advantage. Sorry I won’t be able to do at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India. Dopey Sugar Bad ratings--come on keep making me money--remember I own your show. Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9. OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during term. Outrageous! Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast they are all winners! From beginning over $13 million for charity. Happy Birthday! "Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief" just announced that all 1 hour episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do! Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. election will end the downturn. Part of Obama’s new-found confidence is that the Republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively. Great article by Jeffrey Lord: “The Reagan Revolution. And now… the Revolution?” Via by “Trump: Obama ‘Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better’ Than Israel” I love that in addition to everything else so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that! Congratulations to and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House. The Spa offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years. Mrs. Goldberg who filed the Chicago case many years ago is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her. Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake. Looking forward to keynoting the #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night! is a top state party! Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year! Thank you. Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife. If the can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win! “Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats” via by In standing by I was also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back. Via “But did his hair survive? &amp; dump water over Donald Trump” Bad released $147M in aid to the Palestinians That money is going to Hamas. China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico Ally? A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA. Happy 5th Anniversary to Can't believe it's already been 5 years.. How come discredited reporter refused to write that the events in New Hampshire Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers! China is happy to learn that plans to borrow another $300 Billion. is their favorite client. We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. I will be on tonight interview with Bill O'Reilly on at 8 p.m. repeated at 11 p.m. Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily. I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog - I hear your filmography is "stacked" with failures. This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better. The charities I have designated for donations are: Police Athletic League-New York March of Dimes Hurricane Sandy victims.... "I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin." -- Mitt FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike via The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment..... The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing RIDICULOUS! My int w/ at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! Offering river lake &amp; skyline views 339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms Fan favorite once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy! Was with yesterday--great golfer great architect great guy! Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties Go check them out. Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman All eyes are on He’s in good position! Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city A 34 story luxury highrise offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space Which National Costume do you think should win? "We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong." #TimeToGetTough Via by “Luxury penthouse at skyscraper sells for record $17M” Other worthy people were taken off the list as well. Stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility. Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now. A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sunday’s Miss USA pageant—beautiful! Lightweight will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY but what a loser! Congrats to on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on and Must read! Via by to design Trump course in Dubai” Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines. We are building China's wealth by buying all their products even though we make better products in America. For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed. Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue. Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure. Thank you to &amp; Sports Illustrated for the really nice piece about me. March 17 2014 issue Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp; bad precedent. Could have done much better by fighting. From Bloomberg: “Chrysler’s Jeep expects China production agreement soon.” I told you so. The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter. Our ally is in a perilous position. We must stand behind Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel windmills are terrible for the environment— are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job! Frankly for a writer I don’t think stuff is good. In fact it’s terrible. Miami’s top destination remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium. via Only one man up for the job of president The Chinese are smart. They bought up over $7B in US housing last year U.S. is busy making China even richer. Via by “Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund Appoint Wall Street Experts” I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe. More waste fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households Where's the accountability? Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool... Via doesn't release his original book proposal which says he was born in No surprise. is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans Big mistake! Best of luck to on his debut this Sunday. Sugar: you I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough... Thanks is an amazing guy. Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask! Congratulations to on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving! Via by “Trump: We'll bring American dream back” Irresponsible! In the last 6 months has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council. Not only are wind farms disgusting looking but even worse they are bad for people's health (cont) I am confident when American public gets to know the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good. Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show! Awarded 5 stars from offers 261 rooms &amp; 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time. Via “New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status” #TBT With almost 35 years ago- Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial! Photos from the press conference- Premieres January 4th on Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier! Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base. The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim! Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at the Windy City’s top hotel! Yesterday 15 senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws. Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy not a friend. "Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont) Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS! Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs). Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel Ireland is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Save your time and focus on your horrible ratings and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same. Follow for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14! Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways. The so called 87 year old "lady" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer. The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC a sad and pathetic show are way down. If they fired racist moron a truly stupid guy they live! Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages We fully support in Turnberry--great for beauty &amp; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment. Excited to announce that &amp; will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe. Via “Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America” The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges etc Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday and talked trade. The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough! has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy! Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday. On 59th &amp; Park Avenue Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences The 5-star graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare Ireland Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month. The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them. Via “Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort” Looking forward to visiting Mason City Iowa tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! Watch this tour by of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Wow three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing! My shirts ties &amp; suits (and fragrance Success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out Macy’s now—beautiful new selection! The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat not Israel's right to self-defense. Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused! Lightweight is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD. WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012 once in September But Obama just learned through news reports? Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- Please send a psychiatrist to help she’s in a bad state. To girlfriend’s parents--- get (cont) WIshing everyone a happy healthy and prosperous New Year! Will be doing interview on at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc. Great sign:"We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--!" Commonly heard now across America! Exciting news—After massive construction the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today. "The best vision is insight." --Malcolm Forbes The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas. #trumpvlog Same last name same bad ratings- and "You can take the smartest kid at Wharton the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ and if he doesn't (cont) Receiving thousands of thank you letters from students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine! Great people. Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)! is Sin City’s most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas’ most luxurious hotel rooms Via by “Donald Trump: I Can Make America Great Again” (Hyperlinked on Read birth certificate "cannot survive judicial scrutiny" because of "phantom numbers" President Obama wants to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when reveals his college applications. Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. My int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico “Faster And Cheaper Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink Gov. can be efficient w/leadership &amp; business acumen. The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect! He wants to decide what books people can read what movies they can see. #freespeech It doesn't work that way! Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean High above the city pool deck mixes business &amp; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold Isn’t it sad that Weiner’s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology! People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals Our athletes should not be taxed on their wins. So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince Sounds like his book bio! #TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing "Green Acres" with Megan Mullally Flashback July '14:“Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight'” I was just told by a television pro thay is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops! Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open! The new line of Trump ties shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out! ...now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth”-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot!” I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog. Scary &amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor “Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space” by I can't believe that would waste time and money with - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch! I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven. China is about to acquire a unit of AIG which we bailed out for $5.5B China is making great deals on our backs. Doing a commercial for lots of fun! Via “Donald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maher” I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer he is a total loser! With $250M of renovations Trump Int'l DC’s 250 expansive guest rooms will be DC's top offering of amenities &amp; views I look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo—total sellout crowd 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool. Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious Executive Board Room The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on Big! Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers” via by is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington. Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--&amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp; 5th. France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day. sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi who blew up Pan Am #103 killing all aboard. I said “no way!” Family group shot. #WWEHOF Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower We have greatest military yet no respect Via “Donald Trump starts £250million overhaul on golf resort” Champion triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star Spoiler – Bret is back to his winning ways. Congratulations on being named a “Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families” by If competed against me and.won (which not too many people do) he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity! terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low even for them. A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp; ruined US credit. I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement! Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen! Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' Gaming in Miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue. Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks! Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join for the chic &amp; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration Must read article by “Jeb Bush and the Outsiders” The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product! Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages! Trump National Golf Club Washington D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful! … Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. With our $250M in renovations offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection Thank you. It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us? The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it. Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here: Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly I called this one and please remember I alone called it. Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking? The perfect Hawaiian getaway 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views says that "the Iraelis are controlling our government" Let's fire him a second time. Via by on I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. won't let them cheat us anymore. Via Union Leader: "Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awards" Between a terrible press conference mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise. Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season. Really bad deal for All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again. Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela! Congratulations to for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable. Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this! Congratulations to for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff Manor Westchester is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads high taxes housing down. With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value. The ill-conceived windfarm that is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it! Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails Via “Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala” Congratulations to for being selected as "Best of +VIP Access 2014" by Looking forward to speaking at prestigious on December 15th A list from "Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees" I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. Go to Macy’s now to buy! is promoting ugly inefficient unreliable bird-killing noisy neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake. Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1. My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung. Via by “Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH” Thank you to for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp;I Best Modern Course -- A great honor! The 13th season of All Star is unique. We really pushed the envelope here. Our great and loyal fans will love it. Who else could take 16 vacations play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) Congratulations to - I will see you on the show! Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people! “Power Player of the Week” interview with Chris Wallace George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid even with the help of the union! Via by “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President” I will be going to Aberdeen Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference. are making a big mistake sending the doping to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over. Via the New York Times "Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours " Must read article in probe could dwarf Watergate" American incomes have fallen $3040 per household in the last 38 months Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! Congrats to celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest! www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta Via talks family and business” Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China yuan just hit record high against dollar Very sad! I am astonished that the media continues to lie. gutted welfare reform. It is a fact! For political purposes only Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election? Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice In the heart of midtown New York is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily #CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager? Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015 My int. on simplifying the tax code our incompetent leaders Iran and making America great again Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever! CUT CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY! I'm an activist so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interestbut the people I know admire Trump" Thank you nice. We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders. The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean. “Donald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful” via Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country. Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends. Dick Clark was a friend of mine he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed. Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement! Just landed in D.C. New York City’s iconic architectural masterpiece houses prime commercial residential &amp; retail space Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under He is a disaster. Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America – windfarms What a joke! Today's announcement by on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool. The comes to Miami on March 6th when the returns to See you there! ...Bad decisions can be devastating. Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters. Via by “Trump Calls Election a ‘Big Blow to Obama… I Think He’s in Denial’” Is incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory! While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Norman—a magnificent place &amp; doing really well! There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach Florida. I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting! Does Bush’s library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Robert’s ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee! Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems. The new winner of the pageant K. Lee Graham "Dee Dee Sorvino I am betting on Trump" Fox and Friends A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion. Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan. Must read article by “Anthony Weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt” "Career Advice from Donald Trump" via by Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant Jean Georges. Perfection! Looking forward to next week’s unveiling of the Red Tiger An 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about Besides I get great ratings on The View. What?! LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met? Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful people! The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks Why do shows have Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain ’08 &amp; Huntsman ’12. She’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes. I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- The contestants review their amazing stay at Despite all the statements to the contrary Obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone Enjoy! Via “US property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buy” The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C! Via by “Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June” acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides. Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue. Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense. Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country. Autism Speaks head up by Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright does a fantastic job—if only we had more people like them! To help: Canada will now sell its oil to China because rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it. Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next. Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so. War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October Terrible especially during holiday season. CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices REPEAL! Aside from having no ratings sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big” The President’s speech was very combative toward Republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect! Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website golf courses The Red Tiger The Silver Fox &amp; The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries in particular Russia are mocking the U.S. Via "Romney Said Nothing Wrong" Work hard (and smart!) Gas prices are going up big league—I told you so—payback to OPEC! Congratulations to --- the state is really making progress --- and fast! Congratulations to #BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday. Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there. New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from and My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it "mildly" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter. My int. discussing $25000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi Obama’s trip to China &amp; the 2014 election results was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights. ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet is cutting our troops healthcare. (cont) must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice Trump National Golf Club Jupiter is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. Trump Collection’s summer line exclusively available is the pinnacle of style &amp; prestige. Dress your best! Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it? True is a scene stealer without trying. He’s got a gift. #CelebApprentice You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going! Via by Eugene R. Dunn: “Impeach Obama and elect Trump” Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) The ill-conceived windfarm that is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it! Awarded 5 Stars by MacLeod House &amp; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report Via “Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump” America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats. Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products. So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel donated to himself. entire life and career have built prosperity and growth. With so many scandals plaguing Obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them. is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse What was the excuse before the movie? Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. With the impending crisis in Korea is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences. With my friends at the great Boost event at the at Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher) Via by “Donald Trump hints at presidential run promises 'great luxury hotel' for D.C.” Via by "Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party Great story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- No sadly not even close! Thanks they are all total losers with nothing going for them! Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years... Great new campaign ad just released by Sorry there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media! Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as "Your She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself. I’m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice #TrumpAdvice If you love it own it. bring unparalleled style elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas Opening in 2016 original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp; 63 stories Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true. I can’t believe that Prime Minister is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms. It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on and draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks! will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving? had a flawless quarterfinal win last night. She’s a great player and a wonderful person. "After four years of getting the run-around America needs a turnaround and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney." The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays less than 2%. Where’s the problem? Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design condominiums are world-class Dopey People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets... Via by "3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump" Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden. As I anticipated Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed. Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. Interesting article about Atlantic City The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip They have zero respect for us. Outrageous! I can't resist hitting lightweight verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)! Will be cutting ribbon at 10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT. Thank you for helping me celebrate #agreatcause while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award! With oil below $50 the blighted views by windfarms of historic will be very sad. #SaveCulzean Today’s assignment: read chapter three of Think Big “Basic Instincts.” Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street. It was my honor you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you. Congratulations to for being named one of the “Best of +VIP Access” hotels for 2014 by Via "Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach" Looking forward to visiting SC on Monday! Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion. Great job on The Five tonight and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks! &amp; “Vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine” Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink” Via by "Donald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled The Chicago machine is scared. shows that will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory! Great news--here comes the Tea Party! has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision. Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton my portrait by artist William Quigley topped list at $60K Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits that could happen here. Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions Guess where these new costs get passed to – you. Sorry couldn't do this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7. Via by “Obama’s Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits” Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be! A clip from last night's where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades Via by "Trump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat" Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE! As I always said the "Birthers" were after the truth. Thanks to can't hide anymore. Via “Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th” The Mar-a-Lago Club the crown jewel of Palm Beach is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places Rickie Fowler Instagram photos | Websta via "Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planning" via Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military. I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great. Thanks to everyone for your support on “Top Leaders Icons and Rebels” Thanks for voting Trump! Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high roads in terrible condition—repave Pine Road. Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for “The most important political office is that of the private citizen.” - Justice Louis D. Brandeis I will be on Greta tonight at 10 PM on Fox News. Awarded the prestigious 2014 5-Star Guide is located in beautiful downtown Toronto You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators. They don’t want Hagel either. Just following Obama’s orders. Remember but for Conservatives Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it Bush was terrible! Got to know Senator in Aspen Colorado years ago—a very solid and stand-up guy. FLASHBACK: “Hiding evidence of global cooling” “Scientific data” is cooked! Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records? As always &amp; due to popular will be open Christmas eve &amp; day as well as New Year's eve &amp; day Fellow inductee and me. #WWEHOF It’s Tuesday. How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today? Must read editorial via "ObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured" Economics behind ugly bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont) "Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle via The top course on the west coast overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience Matt you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers The mosque is never going up. Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season. I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D" Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the It's simple--I get the ratings! I can’t believe the great got canned by He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed! Wow the Supreme Court passed I guess wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew. Thanks to for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to &amp; on a great success! Condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes. Located in Central Park the iconic is NYC’s top skating rink. VIP sessions are available for booking ...they are costly inefficient bird killing community destroying machines. They are obsolete! Why did and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime. Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed. The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense. Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Seems excessive. "The Trumping of Turnberry" via Links Magazine I am impressed with how clearly explains the challenges we face and the solutions will bring as President. Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you United States for making this possible! C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington DC Over 150000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. is a disaster! Arrived in Palm Beach drove by a gas staion $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed leadership. Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. Everybody loves He’s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees! In the center of Ireland’s rugged west coast offers a beautiful golf course top dining and a Spa "The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master." (cont) Everyone should go see Great documentary showcasing legacy. Via by “Donald Trump reveals new cast talks Joan Rivers' role on show” A testament to American ingenuity shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYC’s most iconic buildings Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW! "Trump: Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Need" via With the world’s top amenities luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle Visiting New York City? Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park Great for the whole family! Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ $1M RECORD reward Mar-a-Lago is Florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement. With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suites is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto "What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy." The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630. "Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours." Great meeting at dinner. Besides his great acting Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation. 40 days until the election. Crunch time. must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama. Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world with a fantastic history. Time flies it’s 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history- Spa at Trump® offers 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline Bigger means bigger dummy you really are stupid aren't you! ...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction. I will be live tweeting during the tonight at 9PM ET. What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes! Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success! I love seeing that Graydon Carter and are failing so badly. He’s only focused on his bad food restaurants. is back! Did I see wince? #CelebApprentice #TrumpVlog Hagel quits- Many people have been asking to see my plane The Apprentice's will give you a tour... Obama called Reverend Wright his friend counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog! Good article: "What Happened to American Men" from by Michael Cohen and one of his Busey-isms: “Art is only the search it is not the final form.” #CelebApprentice Via by Cathy Burke: “Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'” Via by Eugene Dunn: “2016 is the year of Donald Trump” If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting at the White House. ICYMI via by “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” My interview with where I discuss 'birth certificate' and why has low ratings Obama told that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak. Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly “China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation its systematic (cont) college application would be very very very very interesting! Rated as 1 of the top courses in the country Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe. My appearance re Sony Atlantic City &amp; 2016 Always love going on Wendy’s show! Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward. Obama's convention bounce is gone. has retaken the lead in the latest Thanks. continues to do important work for Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of philanthropy. Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald- Remember as a senator Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling I guess things change when President?! Watching Gates on - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him and othersto sign a confidentiality agreement? Only two weeks until we start shooting We really have something amazing for the fans this year. Thanks. My interview on Snowden the traitor national security and China hacking us My wife the beautiful will be appearing… #CelebApprentice My int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows! From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast. Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday great job! Rush is right. and I have both created more jobs than fact far more jobs! Via by "DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD" I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show Thursday night at 9 p.m. CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years... Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year That's money that could be spent here. Be sure to watch interview from the #HospitalityConference 70 stories over Panama Bay deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views Almost daily more discrepancies in biography continue to arise. Who is this guy? The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school. Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim as has our signature restaurant Jean Georges Obama’s $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp; green cronyism &amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half Watch the video where is crowned as the 63rd The Crowning Moment! My Commitment 2016 Conversation with discussing leadership China healthcare &amp; veterans Via by “EXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA” Via by “Trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run” Via Premieres Sunday January 4 2015” Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun! With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16T. Go to Trump National Doral Miami and watch Tiger Phil Ernie Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ! No I wasn't at the game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go they win. reported over $269710 of foreign income out of his gross $894520 and paid $5841 in foreign taxes Trump National Golf Club Washington D.C. is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Your most popular tweet answered why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid... #trumpvlog Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time House &amp; Senate delivered budgets before him Congrats to on winning a spirited primary. Great job Mitch. #CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity? A legitimate article about Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. We don't have the leadership including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it. Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs). Via by “Donald Trump: Next president needs to be ‘a great one’” newly released book ‘Special Heart’ brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities "Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class." - Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past We can &amp; must do better. America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on 50th birthday---coincidence? Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday then brings frivolous suit on Saturday. Formerly of the New York Times was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly he is an even (cont) Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back. Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase "Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement" are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice Offering two championship courses has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 The new reality China and Japan are warning us not to default Reckless government spending has made us weak. #TBT With James Lipton on the set of With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options Do you think crooked will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast! THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! With 50 days until the election it is #TimeToGetTough for &amp; Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch. Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold. My int with on the state of world affairs economy the Bushes etc. Never give up! Congratulations to for the two top rentals in 2013! #TIRNYC did amazing on #CelebApprentice Raising over $505K for she made it to the Final Four. Congrats Lisa. ... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek. "Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes it takes away the (cont) Thanks to ObamaCare’s device tax Boston Scientific plans to cut 1500 jobs ObamaCare will kill ingenuity. A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments military vet will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa send Joni to DC! Pres. Obama is meeting with China’s Pres. this week He will get zero deliverables. China laughs at us. The acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play. did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?) Exclusive – We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS” TRUMP: CANTOR'S DEFEAT SHOWS 'EVERYBODY' IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY" In some ways it is sad. We all wanted to succeed. It's not worked out that way. Back by popular demand delivers in the upcoming All-Stars season. Yes he sings. My interview from last night with discussing OWS David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine -- nobody could bring it back like David! Why I would not have approved the deal... #trumpvlog Soaring 92 stories boasts a 5 Star rating for both its hotel &amp; restaurant Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure. 64 stories of golden glass over the strip elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows Belated congratulations to on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person! You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong. Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack. QE3 a political favor for Obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel. This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake. The boardroom and I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice "AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016 THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA" via by Congrats to great golfer on his big win last week. Always been best putter. "Frost Wins for Trump" Had dinner last night at Megu 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food beautiful restaurant. When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US that was a good day for you... Via Newsmax. Nice article thank you so much. The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War. FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Answers Boy’s Prayer for New Bike” via Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State! Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income Four more years? The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT! Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind! Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office Don't be intimidated! Fantastic job by a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination! AMAZING Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon for events that took place years ago in France? If speeches and memoirs created jobs then would be Ronald Reagan. On December 19th the pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. Just 30 minutes from Manhattan is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7291 yard course Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at white sand $250M premiere course Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more) I predict somebody is going to sue you! Something really bad happened to the psyche--much like our President! Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on miss it at 8 ET! named one of the “best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago” Thank you for featuring in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built! Via The Washington Times "Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar" What a 'nice guy' - 97% of campaign ads have been negative attacks on Give it back Mitt! Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively. The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal! I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night! Sugar Unlike yours my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp; would not be impressed. Rated Toronto's #1 hotel has 261 guest rooms &amp; suites furnished in elegant cosmopolitan style. ..... He knows I don’t respect him. I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall. With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants is Honolulu’s premier hotel Last weeks Dateline which I hosted was the highest rated Dateline since January! China is buying gas fields in Texas &amp; stealing our corporate secrets... Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company Cronyism! Thank you and keep up the great work! ...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us! It's Tuesday--how much inflation has spending caused today on the price of food and gas? I know you don't like to hear this but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam I can confirm the my first season winner will be returning to this All-Star season of Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx New York is opening soon! The majority of Americans agree with comments on and Iran. Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific! The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October. The White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess that’s because I didn’t attend(even... "CPAC 2013: Donald Trump: Immigration reform is a ‘suicide mission’ for GOP" by New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that should never have released the terrorist - BAD! When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park it came in $750000 under budget.. The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out! By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great! congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare not waste time passing non-binding resolutions. Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. Lawyers have sent demand notice and necessary documentation. Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among “We need more grown-ups in Washington people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.” #TimeToGetTough 26000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil! Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products People get it! Thank you for selecting the Ocean View Suite as one of your top 10 suites After speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released. Today Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago. The case is now officially over… “Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- Congrats to on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs! Greta—you’re wrong Kirsten Powers is a dummy—wasn’t she Anthony Weiner’s girlfriend? Karl Rove’s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hot—now everybody is talking about her. Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy prove that is both corrupt and inept. The historic $250M renovations at are moving on pace. Once complete will be South Florida’s premiere resort. 740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings. Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it. Make it special! No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than John Cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for New York State Attorney General. Someone must be fired at for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post. Announces to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubai” via Via by "Donald Trump praises as 'strong' 'vibrant' in return" to Host 63rd Annual via by The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the case for me. Rated “#1 Resort in Europe” by offers breathtaking golf &amp; the 5 Star Lodge at Doonbeg Remember Celebrity Apprentice tonight on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot! Great piece by exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare Dopey I've won them all. I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M. Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M. There are only 22 days for to drop Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it. In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on at 8 o’clock. Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9. The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star Premieres March 3rd on A world-famous testament to architectural excellence features a 60-ft waterfall Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama. ICYMI my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach #SCTeaParty15 "Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to -- If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing them—easy target. The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about taxes. “Trump signs lease for a NH office returns Monday” via by People ask about She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice Good move by in downgrading to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv. Check out my most recent interview with CNN... dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November. I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office! Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth! We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to China—like China does to us. Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for "Best Pet-Friendly Hotel" Via by “Trump: Next president has to be 'great one'” Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand how do OPEC &amp; the speculators get away with this?! 46 stories above downtown New York features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa ObamaCare is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation She’s back! Champion returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star Joan is ferocious. You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings! Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump. First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again! Signing The Facebook Wall- A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately Washington is incapable of simplifying anything. There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD. Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes! Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.! Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing in New Orleans Will focus on how to fix our great country. If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought... Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate I hope your book is better than the Obama second book but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal boring! “A vampire with a day pass?” We are in land. #CelebApprentice I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than Must watch for all Georgians new ad “Secure Our Border Michelle Nunn supports amnesty &amp; ObamaCare Congratulations to on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. is a great New Yorker and Knick! Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place! Thrilled to hear that has awarded the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats! "The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont) Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile. Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think! Thanks Alex. Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark beams over Fifth Avenue It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then would have wasted billions on it. An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack There are now 119000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible. On 800 pristine Miami acres boasts luxurious accommodations world-class dining &amp; championship golf UK is freezing through longest &amp; coldest winter in over 50 years Where’s the global warming? An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko. The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants and me singing "Call Me Maybe" has over 2M views. If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America. He is escaping justice! Now we will never know if would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient. Talk Feud” via by Virnelli Mercader Via “Obama’s Border Policy Fueled Epidemic Evidence Shows” Via “Best New York City Hotels: you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!—Trump 101. Home of the 2022 Trump Nat’l Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio Mark my words a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont) Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran China loves it! Via by : “8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That Emphasizes” election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about. Trump International Golf Club Turnberry Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. Trump Doral’s renovations are right on schedule Once completed it will be the top resort in the U.S. My interview with discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against to the end Here's my message to America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it! #TimeToGetTough Briarcliff Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads a total puppet of the mayor? My speech to yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via Via Hardball with Chris Matthews Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using 20% offer Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality detail &amp; perfection In the heart of the city Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property True luxury at its finest. Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market #TimeToGetTough I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers? Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St. Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7326 yards. Florida's top course is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC Additionally ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54 age group. I can’t believe he would choose as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice Via Think pink in the boardroom.” Central America's tallest building sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo won’t work—my ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macy’s--he's actually helping. I have no damages! Bo I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well you are a winner! US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under He is bleeding us dry to China. Thank you to &amp; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article “Governor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller.” Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare? With magnificent views is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp; is the signature restaurant. Thank you to for your nice statement about me in the Surprise – China has spies throughout NASA stealing our R&amp;D When will we ever make them pay for espionage? has increased to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market China wants to deplete our resources here at home. We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC luxury villas situated byTrump Int’l Golf Links Dubai Vancouver’s most anticipated hotel &amp; residences will unveil Canada’s first Mar-a-Lago Spa “John Brennan no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.” My interview discussing Ebola Obama’s incompetence &amp; my trip to Iowa for on Sat. People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals.. My int. “'Once a Choker Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out” Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America. Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot! Great! Last night winner &amp; alumni packed OH stadium rallying w/ China has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war Outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders. Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value. is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway. On 1300 acres in Charlottesville wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal Via by names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Convention” Via by “Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trump” use Buffet Icahn Sam Zell Leon Black Kravis Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws not me! continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrew’s legacy lives on. Via by "Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'" I will be tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings! Trump Towers Istanbul Sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks China's media is attacking while endorsing Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough. Sleepy eyes when looking at my financial filings should’ve said “Great job Mr. Trump Sir.” Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches is Hawaii’s top destination w/our signature amenities Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was “professionally dead.” I saved her tiny... How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific! With 49 days until the election needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record. 90 stories over midtown New York Trump World Tower’s glass curtain wall is a true landmark In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. Via by “Meet The Latina 2014 Candidates” is really hurting She is boring predictable and has zero television "it" - show no longer has ratings dying! Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal One of the great places on the planet and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it! Looking forward to keynoting Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd! Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market The new selection of ties shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby. Great write-up on about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY! Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two forced the failing developers to delay! Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving Bad for long term. Wow...NYT reports was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012. Congratulations to and for the coverage on perks in luxury hotels: 19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy! One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great by his wonderful son Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: #FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is in #Transformers 3. Central Park’s top locale is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent &amp; acclaimed Very strange--why do database records contradict and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? Lightweight is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser! The only Five-Star &amp; hotel in NYC is the definition of luxury The Best! Via by Trump’s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter" Jerry Falwell Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor. "Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope!" Thx. Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19000 rapes last year. named Christmas Day Brunch one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays A really great tournament congrats to Monty Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB! See the amazing views from located directly on the Pacific Ocean- It's has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama. Wow I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me). A reader just sent me the following: "I wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of (cont) I hope everyone that read reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to in protest. Let me know. Must read quote by in article “Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings” I suspect could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater. China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier. Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for to take away the right of employees to work at home. Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University: Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases Surprised? Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country will be the best! Thank you for featuring in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." will make us energy independent by 2020 will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects. Visit at to see my picks! #FundAnything Via by “Donald Trump: I want to run for president ‘so badly’” We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results. Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American I'd vote for Obama." I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) Honors Donald Trump at Second Annual ‘Jewish 100′ Gala” via Via by “In NH ‘The Donald’ hammers Mitt Jeb as he again weighs a run for President” We spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil? The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection available offers this fall’s top styles in ties shirts &amp; suits continues to do important work for Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of philanthropy. Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy. Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place! Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax. I bet they wish they had all that money back! Remember it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure! Announced w/ that we will bring to &amp; to Trump Bedminster I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate. Via by “Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo” "America needs and and we need them right now." -- The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out --ties shirts accessories -- great &amp; going fast! Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER! We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran. No better place to celebrate New Year’s Eve than the most elite hotel in downtown NYC I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff. In ’08 predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy has added over $6T in debt since. Scary. Featuring private living spaces oversized bathrooms &amp; stunning views = downtown NYC’s premiere hotel When will we see passport records (sealed)? For the NY State Repubs to waste time energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane. #FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of did a great job Much of what she said was plain old "common sense." "Let me say it as clearly as possible that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me." -- Huckabee My conversation from ON THE RECORD Via "Miss Universe 2013: Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala" Club of the Year Trump Nat’l Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses Thank you for all of your support you have been amazing! "Donald Trump's Guns" by Watch this behind the scenes video of Fall 2012 collection photo shoot- 46 stories in the center of downtown New York 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows Congratulations to for coming out of Iowa a winner! Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero. Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD. "I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world." What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views offers a unique array of 5 star dining options Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious Media?? The habitual vacationer is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++ while there is 20% unemployment. Rising over Bay Street brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City Via “Donald Trump’s plan gets go-ahead” If you live in a state with early voting you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you. The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar! I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market. Ring in 2015 in downtown New York’s most elite 5 Star hotel. offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence North Carolina’s most exclusive club features designed golf course which fronts the biggest lake in NC Congrats new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings Guess who her first guest was? Donald Trump. Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses. are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence. Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end. Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M. Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster is South Miami’s top destination So much for creating American gave $529 Million to a "Green" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland. What do you think of Gary's definition of f-u-n? Via “Florida’s Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping year” Mar-a-Lago's 3rd ann. Trump Grand Prix! I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff. Both sides need to work together. “Donald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Mary” via In beautiful Pine Hill Trump Nat’l Philadelphia’s award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on and Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star. This Sunday’s LIVE Finale of is a historic matchup. MUST SEE TV! Via by “Trump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act” Thank you - so nice. The new Red Tiger course at Follow for more great photos. The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs. A spectacular lake front club w/ dramatic course designed by is NC’s top club All-Star Celebrity continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons! Country music star returns to All-Star Competing for Trace is great! The $9B that spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar Wind Projects created 910 total jobs costing $9.8M each. Congratulations to on winning TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success! My int. from discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! FLASHBACK - October 9 2012: “Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'” Proven right again! Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view A landmark! Via by “Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Glad to hear that is doing well. She is a terrific person. With in Washington D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that! At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue if you’re not staying at the 5 star then you’re in its shadow ...So far he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career. Via by "Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit" Mike Huckebee a great guy said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy. My int. with in South Carolina with cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this Saturday’s Freedom Summit in Manchester. was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics. .... Do I get the credit for this? Thank Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a poll will beat her in November. 176 rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp; NYC The Honolulu accommodations of are the perfect merger of beauty and function Great read: “Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass he's going Trump funding” via The signature restaurant of is both a Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant Prime Minister is very foolish in giving so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland. THe Art of the Deal--"The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have." CUT CAP and BALANCE. Sacrificing our nation’s bravest for ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went. Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there! With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline Championship Course is a masterpiece Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s designed course is a challenging &amp; innovative 7531 yds w/special features Looking forward to speaking International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte NC I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC! "No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live!" -- ... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital -- I am proud of you Eric. Via Amazing. has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base. Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight! Via "The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE" Black politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntley’s statements but not white RACISM! Via eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization The day after blocks a Texas voter photo ID law exposes more dead people getting ballots and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week. Big announcement… I never heard of until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him! The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer. who was badly injured by an airplane was great on The Today Show! Congratulations to on ‘The Liberty Amendments’ debuting at #1 on the NY Times’ bestseller list. Must read! Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on "Donald Trump Tells About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT" by Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B. This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas. Within the heart of beautiful Somerset County Trump Nat’l Bedminster is the proud host of the 2022 Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act. The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling! The upcoming season of will be terrific--a great cast. Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster: via cc In that has with really dumb racist Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb) and no CBS (which fired Bryant) I am switching bldgs. Uh oh… &amp; once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ Fireworks! Sad losers! Please go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me it was much better. Let me know when the change is made! continues to deliver the goods Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $. Looks like a good season for charities. Can it just be new age that Manti Te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax? My int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom Looking forward to hosting the “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th. was caught telling Russian PM that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak. We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector. An architectural landmark offers sweeping panoramic views of Fifth Avenue #Skywire As much credit as he's been given he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon. ...but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky. Excited for tomorrow’s Politics &amp; Eggs co-hosted by &amp; Live stream here It's Thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against Trump Int’l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star 5 Diamond Hotel &amp; a 5 Star 5 Diamond Restaurant... I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck. Via by "The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump" It was great seeing at the #WWEHOF. Thanks to rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us! is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed Yes this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course! Assad hit the jackpot! Congrats to on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped! #NY1 The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. spent over $3Billion of our money for this? We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem. Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel? "We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion" -- On 800 beautiful acres in Miami boasts 100000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services The upcoming record 13th season of is going to be very special. Our production team's ingenuity is amazing. Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M. Hope you loved Apprentice last night. Every dollar spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE! Virginia's highest rated wine by is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp; Champagne Via by “Trump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?” I still love Derek he is a winner! Happy Birthday Jamie! On schedule for 2016 completion 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouver’s skyline Congratulations to on being named the #ROL15 award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved! The shale boom is saving our economy Good for jobs national security &amp; trade balance. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Be sure to read my column in “Europe is terrific place for investment” Looking forward to &amp; Freed Summit in Greenville SC this Saturday! Via by "Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley" "GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run" via by Via Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: It's all a deal" Via by Works to Beat Breast Cancer” Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's With multiple space options is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding There is nothing did not think about for the holidays - dives in: The new trailer is fantastic Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming. When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation. Also the very obsolete ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. Thank you. My interview on the border crisis USMC Tahmooressi &amp; my fight for the American flag (15:00 mark) called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly I won't be able to do it. Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold pool deck overlooks the City of Lights Despite all of China's cheating they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential! Via "Trump Make Up After Digs at Each Other" Congratulations to my friend on winning the big golf tournament today! Spitzer failed as A.G. failed as Governor in disgrace and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings) and he's at it again! Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran We never should have abandoned Mubarak. My interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers #TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers? Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did promote the "Arab Spring"? Via by “Trump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'” Thanks for helping promote &amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool! Many many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote. Congratulations to Miss Mexico Jimena Navarrete our new Miss Universe 2010 and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show. Via by “Donald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai” ObamaCare could "eat up your raise" Why isn't Congress defunding it? They're obsessed with amnesty. is preferred to handle the economy over by 63%-29% in a poll Remember save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B. Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at I'm willing to answer your questions tweet me.... Great article by -- "Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'" Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... 70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula offers fine dining five pools &amp; luxury rooms "Ivanka Trump defends her dad" via The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection exclusively available offers top styles in menswear. Dress your best The prestigious 800-acre boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants “US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport” via Blair you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR Great day yesterday at unveiling the new Gary Player Villa Gary is a champion and a great guy. Bring in 2014 NYE soireé -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi &amp; My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks and the rest of the losers for mentions! A great victory in Scotland ... I never went bankrupt you dope! Happy Birthday Shane. Why is the UN condemning and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace. ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes There's now only one solution--defeat this November! #GOMITT actually gave me a positive story yesterday! It was an honor to be with the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat and be a tremendous POTUS. Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman show and without their approval? What a foolish statement by - he said that a VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back damage. Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media? Congratulations to Woody Johnson and on acquiring is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) Tickets are now available for the 2015 at March 4-8: 38 stories high 462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity Great art. by on Doc River’s annual golf charity event Doc is a great friend! Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action Awarded the renowned 5-Star rating the 65-story brings style luxury &amp; impeccable service “Score one for the Donald in his battle with has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in It is a disgrace! With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. Fans shouldn't worry. We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of appropriately due to the storm. Looking forward to being hosted by Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait. Via by “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?” Via "Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities." Via NYTimes What's Your Ideal Gadget? ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces. It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency. For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake! Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday. Take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market- I’m at tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice The 2013 Trump Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th. Airing from Crocus City Hall on Fifth Avenue’s most iconic building features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term... My interview claims he has "never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels." Where are the results? US should have told Libya "Rebels" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support. Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays. Located in South Ayrshire Scotland offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion Your documentary died many deaths. You have in my opinion zero talent. “Donald Trump to name golf course after mother” via Via by “Donald Trump on Snow Salt Vaccines and the Oval Office” The should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented. Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls. A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together. doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont) elated at official grand opening of via by If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)! is absolutely right it will be a nightmare for if Obama is re-elected. All weights are on crane's wrong side --- very precarious below move out! Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B! What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much. Congratulations to on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator. Thank you for naming the #1 golf course in Miami “Donald Trump: ‘Karl Rove Is A Total Loser’ So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money?” via We deserve all the answers on Benghazi! I don't mind that plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress! Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team on their gold medal. They made us all proud! No matter what happens in the election deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it even with his terrible record. Spa has an array of 5 star services12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views is great thanks! Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout He is very selfish! .... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you’d be nothing! Tomorrow on the Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- See dummy Danny Zuker who I never heard until this started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet! The Dunes of are a world treasure threading thru Scotland top Par 72 7400 yd course Via by John Skipper: "North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it" China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast! #TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said "There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan" 're ObamaCare. Via by “Trump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises” I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely… Lance Armstrong’s liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfold—his lawyers will be very happy—lots of fees! Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge is an 18-hole signature course Learn more about and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- Chicago don't forget tix for Wine Tasting Fundraiser 11/22. Proceeds benefit Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.... While tries to push gun control --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner Via by “recap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'” Via by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump ... Also if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe). Congratulations to on the 11 year anniversary of 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great. In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort. Congratulations to for being honored with a two-star rating again this year! Wow with all this talk is going to Russia on November 9th- Via by "Why Donald Trump is Right" So what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember I only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons! I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) "Donald Trump" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy! The "Arab Spring" is not working out so well-nice name bad results! Guess who is talking to at Not terrible hair! THE HILL’S TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer Weiner turning New York into ‘pervert central’ Via by “Donald Trump – To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?” Here I am with and erictrump presenting the WGC Trophy to Tiger Woods at… Congrats to and I really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific! In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood the #DNC and Drew Peterson- Offering true luxury has spectacular restaurants Olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC. Via “Donald Trump's name 'will boost '” Great news - has fully recovered and will be back on this coming Monday. Barbara is wonderful! Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from on Tumblr: #FlashbackFriday on the set of 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired! My int. on “Donald Trump presidential politics and 'The Factor'” John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes. Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara at about "The Biggest Government Spender in World Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit Look your best! My interview with discussing why A-Rod should be fired from &amp; how to terminate his contract My 'Power Players' interview with "Inside Donald Trump’s new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue” Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. likes me (and I like them!) As a favor to my friends at EXTRA I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on I can't wait to read this...RT SEAL Book Explodes Obama Furious The Great Irish Links Challenge &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Don’t miss it. #Doonbeg I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing. Opening in 2016 Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava Via by “Why Trump Should Run” If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs. It has to stop! Olivia Culpo has been a star a young Audrey Hepburn. highest rated wine in Virginia is the premier name in sophistication and quality Can't wait for to fold which under Graydon Carter will be sooner rather than later. Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... With championship links world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations "One hit wonder I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it! Via by “Trump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor” There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este Uruguay situated on the sands of Playa Brava "A lot of people have imagination but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination." --Donald J. Trump "That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont) House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare. Instead Leadership is funding it I love watching dummy promote on ok show named Shark Tank—but he is just a small part of that show. See photo On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula features top public course &amp; elite restaurants All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific! You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful is- 6'5" in heels. She is also a total winner in... Wow the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Year—thanks! Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! I like you too. John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- indeed needs to "learn how to be an American." Putin re Snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece.” The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B Icahn Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters! Via "TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION™ Announces Trump® International Hotel &amp; Tower Baku" Via Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show' Wow—Golf Magazine just named Trump Scotland “best new ...or mentally troubled (or a con). Via by Nick Ricko: In Celebrity First Look” "Trump at Tea via Make your NYC getaway memorable -- provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West Via by “Council sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on river” provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7400 yd. course. Book your tee time now Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude A clip of my speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential You mean like Buffett Kravis Icahn Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass! Via “Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom” It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on America cannot survive a second term. “All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin. Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending. My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog... Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job. With Miami’s top #NewYearsEve vacation package is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lost—badly—to me &amp; Andy Murray a true Scot who won the U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold? It's amazing how celebrities such as can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) With Dr. Dror Paley &amp; Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago. Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated! Trump Organization's first project in India Trump Towers Pune will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrow’s Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner. Via by "Donald Trump says ‘This country is going to hell in a handbasket’" Looking forward to speaking at &amp; “Iowa’s Freedom Summit” on January 24th Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months! A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the terminating his contract for misrepresentation? What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash? WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really "off". If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals. Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are. Each and every new event space at looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: Congratulations to on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor. The deficits under are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country? “Donald Trump Wishes Kristen Stewart A Happy Birthday” via Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia. Why would Russia grant it? Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole! I will be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 10 pm Great going –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal to NBC. 36 hrs Central Park as seen in including a stop for a bite in Full article Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it. Glad to hear has hired to cover She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud. Residential Capital a company in which Warren Buffett is involved went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt! Our is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in legal analyst &amp; former prosecutor destroyed hack Schneiderman’s suit on yesterday.She’s very sharp! My interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama his lack of transparency &amp; my tremendous support China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country. Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein Airing live on at 7PM EST Via by “Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster” Part 1 of my interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama #TRUMP Tower atrium my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016. Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked James Gandolfini. Sadly very sick people use my name. Wow NY Observer story about really exposes him as a sleazebag &amp; crook. He’s bad for New York. With an elite course designed by is North Carolina’s most desirable club Letterman was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity. Good Morning America is thrilled is working for the means almost guaranteed success for "One of the most obvious lessons on is for the candidates to learn to think quickly." - Think Like a Champion Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people! I am very excited about hosting today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing and many other friends. No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry &amp; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels Doesn’t dummy realize that when I considered running for president I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers. Donald Trump Jr. Ivanka Trump Eric Trump and myself in front of The Old Post Office D.C. on Pennsylvania... I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! Congratulations to on being signed to co-host Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker. Via by Giving back is a priority for me” "There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump political or nonpolitical." --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks '08 campaign manager &amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate Via "Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH S.C." Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate and I would be a star. Via by Eugene R. Dunn: “Iran a clear danger” I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it- Again don’t forget to watch tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock EST. Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - should answer all questions. My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front. Press conference at the opening of the Villa at . Via by “Trump: You're Hired” The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth "The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont) leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) Thank you. Since stop &amp; frisk was struck down gun shootings &amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. Wind energy is a complete economic disaster…. Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes). Networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine”! –but time I run a really big company! Sorry but is a good &amp; smart man who is doing really well. That’s why he won America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer. Just out- was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings. This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG Moreland Commission is his disaster. Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati the financial &amp; social capital of Philippines Vote for your favorite contestant --- the 2013 #MissUSA Fan Vote at ! who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice” Watch and see what happens! wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics including most importantly the 18-49 age group. Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year. ICYMI int. on discussing &amp; contestant rivalries on exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences Via “Donald Trump Blasts Beyoncé for Suggestive Super Bowl Show” Just as I predicted is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. My speech from last Saturday’s #NHFreedomSummit via Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time right here As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector if you lie on your resume You’re Fired! Via by “Trump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed” In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed our tax dollars are paying big salary! My joint int. on with recapping &amp; discussing the 2016 election Via "Trump on Obama and Congress: ‘Lock them up’ in a room like Vatican conclave" by Guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so we’ve made it available for purchase! shouldn’t be too upset over He will always do great! meltdown—was it for real? thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance… #CelebApprentice said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously." assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." Via by “Trump: ObamaCare Not Working for Business Going to Collapse” It was an honor to be inaugural guest on her new show ‘The Real Story.’ Gretchen will be a big success! One of the reasons I assume I was inducted into the Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings... A top rated NY course by provides award winning services and exceptional facilities I will be on tonight at 9PM. One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed will be elite! Thank you. I'm at Trump National DC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! Starting next week and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M. you were great on this morning—&amp; the Gary Player Villa at is a hot ticket. "TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS" by Thank you to Matt Boyle for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger &amp; irrelevant GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! Via “A New Direction For America” by Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr #OldPostOffice Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice Summer's almost here update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection exclusively available “‘THE DONALD’ GOT A MUSKET” via “Trump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally” Enjoy your stay! Via by "Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention" Obama called August's job report "progress." Overall 96K new jobs &amp; over 173K new people on food Obama’s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike Enjoy! Golf Odyssey one of golf's most respected publications just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland "golf course of the year" We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new bigger and better Blue Monster! Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88921000 Americans are no longer in the work force. As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now Host of the 2022 &amp; 2017 #USWomensOpen Trump Nat’l Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf –the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi go lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog. Don't think my statement on was harsh if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow. Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man. The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category. Columbia University stated there was a "computer error" in their system concerning attendance. (cont) No it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny you can do it! Las Vegas' most elite destination has 64 stories of golden glass &amp; offers ultimate luxury I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next! Celebrated for its room views by soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites The Chinese government is not an American ally. Must read editorial: “Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault But GOP Won't Pounce” Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout world—too expensive to build &amp; operate—don’t work. (cont) ... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage. Via by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” Welcome to the new reality. is now letting China buy US banks The US government is selling us out. ICYMI my speech from this past Saturday at the via A MUST READ! last article--The Vetting Part I: Love Song to Alinsky next time you have a rally try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective! On Friday said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has done about it the last 3 years?! BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. is reckless. The Apprentice on the other hand has been a MAJOR television hit often times finishing #1. Even now after 13 seasons it wins its slot! Wow really nice and unexpected from Ed Schultz. Thank you Ed! The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star The biggest yet! Via by mboyle1: "EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT #CPAC2014" stopped by to say hello. Shining over Fifth Avenue (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant bar cafe ice cream parlor and Gucci. I am very surprised that gave up. I never thought he was a quitter... Since is on such a "transparency" kick--how about releasing Fast &amp; Furious info to Brian Terry's Via by Malcolm Unwell: “Taking Trump Seriously” Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know I never went bankrupt. Stupid Arianna hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section... Via by 'Very Warm' During Appearance on was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud and safe! Trump Int’l Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp; enjoy Opening 2016 presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so. Today marks the one year anniversary of passing. Andrew’s mission &amp; legacy still lives on. "We must never bend too much." -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012) The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course watch the video- "It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) Via "The Donald at Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like Via by “Trump Calls a Cokehead” Schneiderman is by his own admission! Congratulations to on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person. You can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of Derek get well soon the need youl. Made in America? called his 'birthplace' Hawaii "here in Asia." For the Republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan... The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K They love to spend money. I am glad America is starting to get to know the way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities Despite the upcoming election the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad! river lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms Letterman begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment. Dopey--who went bankrupt you? I never did. Elections have consequences. Obama just published “final regulations for ObamaCare’s individual mandate” Enjoy! Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin! My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me. The ruling consultant class of losers like have no respect for the Tea Party. They do this at their own peril! Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy looking forward to it! The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1% down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess plan is not working! Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on? With two champion style courses graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces An investment in life luxury &amp; leisure a Trump Nat’l Bedminster membership offers top amenities &amp; services Getting ready to do the David Letterman tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think! Thank you to Jeffrey Lord for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect in November. The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week. I’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont) The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far! What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all! Graydon Carter whose reign over failing has been a disaster has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews. Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA I believe made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) Great going and almost as importantly your clothing line is selling well! George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. He’s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice Yesterday actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign fund raise or play golf. Shocking. My int. with on Atlantic City Philadelphia’s real estate market &amp; 2014 2016 elections On the shores of Lake Norman presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by including an option from &amp; are not likely to become friends –ever! #CelebApprentice My interview discussing endorsement of tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims On beautiful Lake Norman offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course The Prayer Breakfast was used by to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is! It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video. Making my speech. #WWEHOF Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with Mitt gave a great interview yesterday Spanish version of ObamaCare website delayed Hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #MakeDCListen In his entire political career has never had a tough opponent before He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon. Why is the UN planning to attack sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding. Which National Costume do you think should win? ICYMI you can watch my full press conference with on Great piece by on my visit to for &amp; Politics &amp; Eggs Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over. I wonder if ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there? Only three weeks until the new season of begins filming--great all-star cast. Notice how failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible. Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's Our fans will be pleased. Hi. The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts ties really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far Very excited to be addressing the next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss! “Never Ignore Donald Trump” by Jeffrey Lord During presidency median family income has fallen 4.8% Terrible for the middle class. disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move jobs to China after the election. Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ... The $200M renovations at Trump are right on target. When completed the course will be as good as it gets. offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges Via “Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21” I am proud to be a sponsor! was terrific. #WWEHOF We have the Final Six—and is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice Hope &amp; Change--since has taken office the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer. I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest! by Trump lands for Old Post Office flagship restaurant” Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill Their expert opinions should at least be listened to. Come on Danny are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful I'm really good at deals). Why won't repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage? He is gaming the issue. Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it. Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available offers high end fashion for men. Dress your best. Great victory for people of Blackdog Scotland. They defeated substation stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons. Via by Alana Marie Burke: “Donald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positions” Via by “Trump inches closer to a decision” Waste! The CBO now estimates that stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created The West Coast's most luxurious public course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox. I am impressed with the scam pulled but the truth will come out. The most elite private club in the world Mar-a-Lago is Palm Beach’s legendary landmark. signature restaurant has set the standard for today’s modern steakhouse If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) Once again the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness We must do better. The Trump Signature Collection available offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best! Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping. A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud! America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad. OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off. Packed with holiday celebrations members &amp; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at In order to preserve my options and guarantee that is defeated I changed my voter registration to independent. Twisted Sister frontman shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great! Towering over trendy Bay Street offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp; elite amenities Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip toAspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) New book is excellent and so true! Congrats! Reigning Champion does great work with Donate to an Injured Warrior today Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright co-founders of have done an absolutely fantastic job—two real winners. China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade They stole the technology from us. Great going this weekend. You are a true champion! Our trade deficit just jumped in May to “the second-highest level on record” FAIR trade not free trade. I TOLD YOU. My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial. Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen! Speaker John Boehner who I like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it! Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available offers top men's styles A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to th… (cont) Remember when promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care Trump Tower Punta del Este’s cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture you'll never be in front of the camera! Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant RT Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office! The 48000 sq. ft. Spa boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments Can you imagine with all of the talk about ObamaCare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken! US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank! "Trump: Something ‘mentally wrong’ with Weiner" via by So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you! #1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing success will follow. With passion discouragement can't take hold. There is no substitute for private sector experience. I wonder who first guest will be---- his show will be great! I got much better—no contest—I got Melania! on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential… #CelebApprentice Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy. “Miss Universe Ratings -- 6.1 Million Viewers Best Since Employees of should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now? New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way: On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes Well I would make America great again. Great story on in about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: Congrats to of TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist: via Happy belated birthday wishes to Barbara is terrific! A friend of mine went to and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of Via by “Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal” Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two forced the failing developers to delay! Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant. Work hard study read 'The Art of the Deal' and "Midas Touch" "Romney Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation" via I applaud Columbia South Carolina for cleaning up biz center Will cut crime &amp; advance commerce. “TEA TALK: Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trump” via by On Fifth Avenue the iconic is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions Just got a great new selection of ties &amp; shirts Go buy them now for Father’s Day—they’re beautiful! My appearance on The View... and Via returns to reality TV with Donald Trump” The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan is a top destination Lightweight is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career. Sugar: working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show... Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series. “All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings I am a registered Republican. With as the nominee we can defeat “Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th” via Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in today’s New York Post editorial I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar I'm not stupid! Yes! sarcasm dummy! Thx for the nice story Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans. Had a great time yesterday on with &amp; guest host “Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama” via is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Star rating for both hotel &amp; restaurant Good news - has pulled ahead in Wisconsin WIth on the ticket Wisconsin is in play. All-Star premiering March 3rd on features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great. The S&P downgrade is a direct result of increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this. Via by Diary: And Now There Are Two” Thank you. Now is the time for the to be united with the mission of electing this November. Stop with the public divisions. Trump Nat’l Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place. Via among 2015 judges” Our deficit spending is China’s gain. is bankrupting our country. Eliot Spitzer’s illegal frivolous &amp; over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown. Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record Inflation is coming... My interview discussing last night’s presidential debate my stock picks and tomorrow’s big announcement Great win by the yesterday. If they run the table they will make the playoffs. If is not in the Board Room I can’t fire her. made a strategic mistake. Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare. Economic growth can save Social Security Medicare and America. Alec--it's not science it's a con--read the e-mails. The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting! He's back! returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star Dopey Sugar The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland... Consumer spending fell in September Another indicator the 7.8% unemployment number is cooked. Via “Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home décor” Thanks for all the nice comments about the last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings. Watch Olivia Culpo crowned as 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant Re Miss Universe Pageant we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave it would send the wrong signal.” Maybe should stick to words... vs. barking. He’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice Whitey Bulger’s prosecution starts today. Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials. With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not. Get ready for &amp; face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity Via “Please Pray for Me… I Am Losing My Insurance” Just one of the millions of cases like this... #Defund Obamacare! “In N.H. Trump says his business experience would play well in government” via by Congratulations to and Your baby has seriously good genes will be a champ! Wow just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast doing very little business. Save this conservative voice! Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC: American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work. My speech to on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work. I wonder if has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election? I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style! Listen to my interview with at - Is Gov. the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the Republicans? Must read weeklystandard by “Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.” and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice Romney’s campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont) And the fired celebrities are...” via by says is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia. Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed. “A list golfing buddy! enjoys golf w/Donald Trump ahead via Gabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued). ICYMI my int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare the new Congress &amp; 2016 Via by "The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino" US Army Reserve will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress Via by “Show-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday" Verlander pitched great but look truly defeated. ..."Apprentice" was #1 among ABC CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults men and women 18-34 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen. and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- The full video of my speech Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd. I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursday’s episode of with Looking forward to being this evening for Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral Via “Only The Donald" ...What is wrong with this story? Isn’t this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality MUST READ – via “VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals” I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) My interview with discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratingsreally stupid guy Glad to hear my Monday interview continues to get big ratings. Great way to start your week Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia Another example of sleazy politics! Via “Donald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In Via by Eugene Dunn: “Trump the Nation's Great Hope” Had a great time with last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised. Speaker seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing! Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past. Via by "Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away" Via "Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'" highlights the opening of brand new #RedTiger course: China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough “Donald Trump: I'm Not Buying the via Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for via by Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street! Via “Donald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT! That's why I'll never be Pope! How ironic that campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record? Via by : “Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City” Me by a lot! is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job! We enjoy hosting tourists in They come from all over the world to see the Atrium a NYC landmark. Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back. Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you "can't change Washington from the inside." Not what he said in '09. Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star On March 3rd at 9PM EST the fireworks return to the Board Room! Love what you do and work hard. Via by “Trump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016” State Senator Shirley Huntley "ratted" on black politicians &amp; was believed--when she ratted on nobody listened. Racism! Instead of trash talking on the world stage should be defending China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 #TimeToGetTough The ultimate vacation destination sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind How can NYS allow lightweight to remain in office? What are JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on? 3rd rate writer Vicky Ward who begged me for help- see her letters to me. My ties &amp; shirts at Macy’s are doing great. Stupid is making people aware of how good they are! I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice. Via by to open golf academy at Donald Trump’s New The Next Generation videos The Amateur! First was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico! The difference between and campaign promises to is that Mitt will actually keep all of his. Surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as today’s global warming The townhall question segment of my Commitment 2016 Conversation Great questions/people #FITN Good did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto -- go get him Mitt! Thanks. Doing an interview with Discussing the ObamaCare web disaster. Be sure to listen What is wrong with the Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama Pathetic. The #Hyperlapse app in Via by “ open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” “Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and it’s time Alex Salmond manned up stopped blaming Westminster (cont) Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall. The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy! Another example of diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches. Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in courts for years if necessary. are you ready for the deal? Thank you Andrew - so correct! So will attack career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives Does ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair! What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice Via by “Donald Trump Headline Gala” Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill. Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries! The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T China is laughing all the way to the bank. Via “NY’s Central Park Horse Show a huge success” &amp; get what needs to be done to reign in China. gets kicked around by the Chinese. Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win! Watch my endorsement of If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC. Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3* Looking for Father's Day gift? named the spa one of the best places for men to relax The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news killing country. Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens. Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people! The Tea Party delivered the House for so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible! These are facts: In 2001 the US opened its markets to China &amp; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont) Barbara—get better fast &amp; stay healthy forever. Watching the show. #WWEHOF My interview discussing my video endorsement of and past visits to My friend was fantastic on the this morning—a star! The LIVE FINALE of is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice. in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City including Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done! The new winter menu explores the evolution of fine dining - Via gets new clubhouse” As I said on this a.m. you have to give Obama credit—he won! ... In response to my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt great as… (cont) Via by “Trump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans” BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours! It seems there is never a problem for which cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax. Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother Heading down to D.C. THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries... Please only respond by tweet because like everyone else I don't watch your show. The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb. is not winning points being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland! Less than one week away from implementation ObamaCare’s small business exchanges are not A disaster! Congress should get back to Washington but doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard. He has no respect for American exceptionalism. has outsourced our space program to the Russians My interview from Monday discussing Obama’s tone going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from to to My int. on the Zimmerman trial &amp; verdict courage of the jury and reactions! Thank you. My friend Larry King asked me to do an interview with him—he was always great to me—&amp; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV. Nasty tactics being used by campaign against Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not! It has been 1000 days since has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control. Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to If A-Rod is not a next year the fans will be happy. is back on the DL. The coming suspension will be announced soon by The Iranians are sure happy with Obama’s nomination of Hagel. Already praising Hagel as ‘Anti-Israel’ My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing! Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video--- Wow what a nice honor! Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. Twitter is on enemies list Check out Why does always have to rely on teleprompters? I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about "onshoring"? We need to bring manufa… (cont) President vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable! With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline 5 Star offers 176 newly renovated rooms Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us the latest is the Philippines Very aggressive Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. I’m pushing! Congrats on your Chef of the Year nom in Annual Eater Awards- Vote now! Great poll numbers for just out--he is leading substantially in swing states. How long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made? Everyone's favorite frontman Twisted Sister lead singer returns to this year’s All-Star Dee does great! The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead. Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV CRAZY! Really looking forward to my address this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs etc. Can't wait to see my many friends. "Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare." via Here I am with at Mar-a-Lago. I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY. Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences world class golf &amp; a beach Via "Trump Says He’ll Foot Bill for White House Tours" Via "Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015 in West Des Moines Iowa" is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio Our Commander in Chief should be ashamed. In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566000 jobs This is unsustainable for the American worker. Glad that is hitting on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic. Via “Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved” Via “Donald Trump Sends Message to Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight “UPDATE: Trump plans public event at via From ABC News: "In Demand: Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Fees" by Scott Wilson With 18 beautiful holes each boasting unique characteristics Trump Nat’l Philadelphia is a Golf treasure Home of represents all that is Miami: energy glamour innovation &amp; luxury Awarded both Five-Star &amp; ratings is fantastic. Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood Las Vegas. The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that is the main target. He must not be reelected. award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city should remove his eyeliner as pointed out by Cuomo when he does his commercials! To all journalists look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall…Follow the money. W/ signature Trump amenities 5 star rooms &amp; world-class restaurants brings excellence to Hawaii Thanks. cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the with Government waste fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term. Via on sale for Loeb School Event featuring Donald Trump” Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT! Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy. Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment- Why is crude oil priced at $86/Barrel? OPEC is ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel. America needs new leaders. Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago. If had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2% Via by “Donald Trump Goes to Washington” Great speech on China by yesterday where he explains why China is treating like a "Doormat" China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years... A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win. Which National Costume do you think should win? Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste. “Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball!” via Thank you to the Robb Report The Best of the Best issue for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World! My prediction of Floyd is looking good! Good seeing you. Keep up the great work never stop! Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so. Via by “Trump: contestants ‘the meanest by far’” Just cancelled my subscription to Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak" and more. Meets with Obama &amp; then files one day later. A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My convention surprise hits Monday night! Regis you are the GREATEST! 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting! Pres expects to play nice like not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different. New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. Record amount visited Trump Tower. Via by Eugene R. Dunn Medford: "Donald Trump towers over GOP field" "They hate us because they ain't us." Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us. Thanks Matthew! "Donald Trump CPAC Speech: U.S. Is Run By 'Very Stupid People'" via by John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him! Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth. A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic. We can do better. Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by If you are looking for a mattress go buy (cont) How many more billions of dollars will continue to waste in these solar companies? Fernando thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love Huff Post "His early morning speech drew a large crowd far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday" and packed by end! The facts. ‘Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region’” via by Musaid Al-Zayani What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice You haven’t seen fireworks until you see &amp; go at it again! Let’s just say it’s no happy reunion… is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic. Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting! Via by “In Palm Beach nothing trumps the Trump Invitational” I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC (Yankee Stadium) What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal! Via by Paige Austin: “Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes” See my picks at at and giving away money!!! #FundAnything “It’s always great to be in business with Donald Trump” said president Emilio Romano. blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada. A terrible deal for US! Thanks my champion Geraldo--and very true. One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o! Why did Lance do that interview? Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont) should not give any other further information until releases the things that everyone wants to see---- The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape. I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD It was who promised "if you like your plan you can keep your plan." Now ObamaCare is causing (cont) Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough Congratulations to on passing 1000 episodes. is still going strong after all these is great! Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on 2014 Competition will be a tremendous event At the National Achievers Congress in London this October I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design We should offset their theft from our debt. Via Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To Kamp I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) Via by "Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows ‘Total Desperation’ on Iran" Sugar Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed. looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring really really thin! features wide open pristine fairways tour caliber greens 64 strategically placed sand bunkers No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it. We have spent over $1 Billion on the Libya operation. What are we getting back? Noisy windfarm driving community crazy! "Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign" The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... Hypocrites! new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as ‘gun free’ Via "Trump wins at trial calls woman suing him 'horrible human being'" America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY! ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring. The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices. Thank you and for the wonderful and very true article “Total Desperation on Iran” Via by NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul Annual Gala Dinner ...American Cancer Society and the Dana Farber Cancer Center. Here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success Herald Square "America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance." #TimeToGetTough (cont) Via "Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame" Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks President Obama. The more you learn about the debt deal the worse it gets. is right—Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons! Agreed-- says he and have a “communication malfunction.” #CelebApprentice Who's the flip flopper? has never flip flopped on gay marriage. Awarded 5 Stars by offers Executive Chef new menu After 13 seasons easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well. "Trump Invitational" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success. Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach. Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed. ... to OPEC countries that hate our guts. It’s stupid policy.”- Time To Get Tough When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and defends them. Article from The Street--The Donald's Trump Card: Himself Must read article: “Conservative Fury at Rove Erupts” By Jeffrey Lord The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse. I wonder what the answer is on college application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont) Via to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini" Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester! Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it. is the poor man's left wing no ratings)! Can you believe--they are blaming for Egypt. “Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews” via Former Obama White House economic adviser gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy Pretty generous! Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards! The GOP doesn't waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal. “Donald Trump unveils vision for via by A Diamond &amp; Green Star Diamond Award winner is the nation’s top public course I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner Why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts? China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. Our leaders are hope… (cont) delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad wasn't there. For you newcomers George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice Erin Burnett who has no ratings on CNN in prime time now wants more money to move to the morning slot. should say "no way". "Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course" via by Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) ICYMI Via by Post Editorial Board: New Gem in the Bronx” a great place! became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on that’s the way it is. According to illegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1 pushing amnesty. Do they have death wish #trumpvlog is very inconsiderate... ICYMI via my from yesterday on Obama’s dangerous disconnect Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel I like Joe Paterno and his family. Congrats on fantastic article--when “B” writes so nicely about you it really means something. Part 2 of my interview giving away some spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant RT Trump: 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?' It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before. I'll be on tonight at 10 PM Fox News Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.! Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. My ‘Close Up’ int. with discussing the midterms the new Congress travelling to NH &amp; 2016 Via by “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad Bad Deal’” Our views trump the rest for the #Thanksgiving #MacysParade. Stay for exclusive parade access Dummy goAngelo keep letting people know how great my shirts ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware! Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland “Golf course of the Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad. Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary while 'adorable' is a distraction? My interview on risk for on immigration wasting money in Middle East &amp; firing Re Omarosa: Nasty tough or smart...or all? Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil. "We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont) Q/A The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy focus (cont) Shirts and ties are doing great Another broken promise by actually increases income inequality It must be fully repealed! You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up. Filming for Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work. Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline Championship course is a classical Scottish links had to give $1000 to brother for his child's hospital bill Isn't that disgraceful? Let’s see what happens in the boardroom… #CelebApprentice ICYMI via by “Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education” RT Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :) What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations? Must read column by Senator Phil Gramm - “The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies” Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River also offers limitless social events The ultimate Golf experience is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money. I wonder what the work atmosphere is like It must be hard working at a dying institution. You’re all wrong—check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines &amp; the people don’t want them. should be careful questioning on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?! bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning diplomatic skills. I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by just opened a new… Always good to have back as advisor as well as They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt. Via by “Trump To Visit New Hampshire” Via by ChrisCassidy_BH: "Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq" “Dozens of key staffers fleeing office” As China is building an air and naval force is cutting ours. He is weakening our national security. "Donald Trump: GOP Has ‘Nuclear Weapon’ In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation But They Don’t Know It" via Congrats on #RoadHard raising $1M on a record. Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star premieres. Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on Big! A letter written to one of my many critics! on your best day you can't come close to beating me I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss). Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare We must do better. has the vision to get America working. Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! Which National Costume do you think should win? Get ready for the fireworks between &amp; in 13th season of All Star Neither one will back down. At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx offers fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline I would do same thing if I were China. They want Obama. "Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars" via A true honor. considers asking for college transcripts a "Donald Trump question." Release it! The is doing amazing work helping the children... Unsustainable- has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term He loves debt. Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award... is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why should be elected and has to go. Follow me on Instagram- Great! Via by “Trump says US roads are 'falling apart'” "New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency." -- Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no he gave away our country to China! Dummy I never went bankrupt. To the brave men and women past and present in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day. A good example of how our country wastes money... #trumpvlog Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch.” With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong. I'll always like because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice hall of famer brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star This time Dennis is a star! He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. China owes us money.... #trumpvlog Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice! Trump National Golf Club Bedminster New Jersey has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC "We all have the capability to read or sense what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont) “Trump: 'I like North Carolina we are looking at another deal'” via James Holmes the Aurora Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty... Emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again! #trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address Apple and a great article.... Gov. referred to the Republicans as “the stupid party”. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use. Via “Streetsense Brings "The National" a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel” Interesting case from UK re and abusive troll Est. in 1906 is home to the iconic Ailsa Championship course four times over The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon. Joe Biden called America "the Problem" vis a vis Iran He never wastes an opportunity to say something is doing very badly. Also very inaccurate stories. Like AOL when will they fail? Via by Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Courses” Exclusively The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties &amp; shirts at the best prices. Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS “Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in May” via Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals... Beautiful thank you. Check out my speech from last Friday as well as my appearance this morning on The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out. Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews. Much appreciated. To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point course will be GREAT and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC. is Panama City’s premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica excellence has arrived to So. America ICYMI “Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception” via He is delusional: believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever. Perhaps biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country. Via by “Trump-Backed Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary” Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun. Selective memory - says that he "forgets" the recession Maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs. "Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it" via Via by Bill Van Smith: reminisces amid honor at refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election. Thanks to for putting on such a great concert fot John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy. Why do you follow me creepy stalker? Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey We Did Build It! 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers.. Capitalism doesn't guarantee success only a chance to succeed. The community organizer doesn't (cont) Via by “Donald Trump: 'a very dishonest organization'” The 2013 Course of the Year Trump Nat’l Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of news! This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of puts against Watch two great competitors battle to win! "Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer says she's 'shocked' about the attention" via Looking at the figures and plans behind acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid (cont) Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy how is that possible? OPEC is ripping of… (cont) In '08 hit Bush for secrecy When will Obama release all his sealed college records?! The was very nice in reporting that was #1 on all television for “top brand impact 2012.” Thank you! The Fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever. Be prudent in your market investing. My thoughts on Gadhafi's death and the misery index... #trumpvlog Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer Arthur Zeckendorf Watch explain how "'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'" Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of Really good show. A bad manager such as will continually be plagued by scandals. Leadership starts at the top. ...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of The 'All Stars' are hard at work... Bay Bridge in San Fransisco built in China keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us! It seems had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now. A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn Kravis Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks! I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP! Wow--great! Thanks. New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates. No matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticized--they can't win! I wonder if ever applied to Occidental Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont) Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it! I agree! Via on Politics: Trump Talks Iowa” It appears that is entranced with and rightly so! #CelebApprentice Located in Palm Beach FL historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities "DAMAC Properties Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!" Thank you! $716 Billion from Medicare by When will it end? Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links Ireland. It will be great Why does lie about his Reagan credentials? He’s a Bushie through and through. Team Spielberg? Let’s find out. #CelebApprentice U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years the average price has gone up by 15%. Unsustainable! "We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country my pride in it or (cont) SHOCK - people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at events On rugged Aberdeenshire Par 72 course is 7400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes On November 9th comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of &amp; in Crocus City Hall! Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p... The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation. It's true Matt the NEW "Blue Monster" is better than Pinehurst so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away! I answered my fans questions via video- watch- Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of usthen sued for $40 million.Dopey guy! Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil. Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting. Win a dinner with and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! China's Olympic training program is abusive It is modern day slavery &amp; shameful. Their (cont) Via “Event offers glimpse of Trump high life” by Holly Ivy Dore Great interview Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M. Big cancer risk from new "environmental" light bulbs"--a big price to pay! Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments They will own our country soon. I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest and win a trip to Las Vegas.. Via by tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M” Via By Eugene Dunn: “Trump could lead U.S. forward” “Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC” via "'Everything in Dubai': Learn from Emirate's rebound says via by He should be ignored: foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast. Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night. Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations! Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S... With circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should. Via HT Politics ICYMI described my Monday speech as one of my “best and most riveting” Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday Thanks M you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto! Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win("Winning solves all problems"- (cont) Dummies had their big payday taken from them by others in the media. “Donald Trump on ‘cliff’: ‘Other countries are eating our lunch’” via Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at and read this article For the truth about job creation in America go to A great site for employers to get the tools &amp; information they need! The economy is in terrible shape. is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations. #LieOfTheYear is Obama’s if you like your health care plan you can keep it. Wrong. It’s the lie of the decade. Designed by Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud! Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot. Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo. Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions? I was in San Jose CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20000 people. Huge! Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it. Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course just minutes from Manhattan Must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance " love your words of wisdom. Merry Christmas &amp; happy new year" Thanks. Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff! ....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause. When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax “Obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont) Enviro friendly? "AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles birds despite federal laws" is such an embarrassment that is keeping him off air Rove should be out of politics. A total loser! My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog.... It's Wednesday how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists? Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic window is closed. My int. discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner &amp; That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast! Excited to see “elevated fine dining” explored by This is dangerous: is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is #1 Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler Via Opens In The Bronx” The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart. While the next season of is packed w/ All Stars ours fans will be happy to see in the board room.She is back! I'll be honored at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause. was just rated “Best Room Service” in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff! ...While I fully agree it is not politically correct! Keep fighting Frank! Never give up! Congrats to and on a great five years! by “Donald Trump Headed To Iowa Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence” Help those affected by #Sandy. is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to for #sandyrelief. Via by “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” In Hudson Valley course has pristine fairways tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS Woods Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look- When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial My interview with explaining why Mitt should not apologize A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland Any turbine in close proximity to a school must go! RT Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student? Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW JUST LIKE THE MASTERS. 9 The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers. A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during "recovery" Don't trust the job numbers. The Government spends 30% more than it admits is out of control with his deficit spending. . #LaskerRink. We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink that is done by NEW YORK CITY. Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband . You can help! I did #donate Watch this great behind the scenes video of Spring 2013 photo shoot- Via "Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe" Ratings increase 15% over last year. Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai. Will be spectacular. Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States the most pr… (cont) Via by Peter Millard: "Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics: Corporate Brazil" Via by “Trump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster” Looking forward to being interviewed on the tonight at 6:30 PM EST. Be sure to listen! Via to open restaurant in Trump Int’l Washington D.C.” "Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries" via Via “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump clubhouse” My Monday interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations making the big deal and who has the cards Congratulations to on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better. Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville Virginia (don't worry only business). See Washington Post “Inside Donald Trump's Scottish golf course” via "Failed show season 1 of had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching..... An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers Many great business campaigns at Great way to support small upstarts. RECKLESS! has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined. just awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia... Via Steve King for Congress Facebook Page: “Donald Trump has a special announcement!” New and great selection of ties shirts and - check them out! is sure a master delegator. He has sent to China. The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better. informs that is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice Another nasty season premieres Sunday March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! RT For nearly 4 years Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating &amp; American workers have paid the price. From 10-11 pm ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABCCBS and NBC. #CelebApprentice Thanks for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics. Via by “Trump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS” Via by talks 2016 run jobs at Thank you. "People are smart. They know you can't be "for" jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work." (cont) Via by “Trump touts business career but not TV show during Iowa speech” Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at 5 Star 5 Diamond "Sixteen" restaurant Hagel has been endorsed by China &amp; Iran for SOD. Welcome to Obama's second term! Icahn Kravis Zell Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do. Congratulations to Jim Herman my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! Via by “Trump: U.S. getting beat up” Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day! Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin. Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington. Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility. Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and at I’ll bet she won’t be there for long! The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than Come on Danny make the bet! The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing "story is dead" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it! Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. The left needs a dose of reality. The class warfare being played by is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record. "Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors it takes away the money that creates (cont) Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the U.S. via The lesson should be that it's a lousy idea!!!" Remember after this new episode starts - 5 MINUTES! "I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'?" (cont) How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country? 2nd segment of my interview discussing insult of parents and sending him $5M bill Looking forward to being the guest of honor at Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington DC returns to All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues! My speech at Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received Entrepreneur Award Do executives at know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings? is #19 on cable Sad. should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined. SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses Will he be in Chicago on election night too? "Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'" Via new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing? Call me old school but I believe in the old warrior's credo that "to the victor go the spoils." In other word… (cont) the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown” via by I really liked everyone at the Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people! #TRUMP International Reality will be America’s premiere real estate brokerage house w/ the most distinctive services. Bret had a target on his back from the get go... I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-Star Mrs. debut on this week’s episode In 2008 campaigned against $3.50 gas It is now $6 in Florida and on the rise. He is a disaster! book "A Nation of Wusses" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it! Our spa gets a nice write-up in #gotmilk Find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck! "Donald Trump Reviews Oscars: Django 'Racist' Ceremony 'Boring' Set 'Tacky'..." via is NYC's only 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant People are really liking the new ties and shirts are amazing and selling great! new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China. Thanks Tony good luck. claims that his economic plan "worked" Is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan? Back by popular demand returns to the 13th season of All Star She is fierce in the Board Room! seeks my advice on prenups tonight at 9 PM on Bravo “Get some face time in The Spa at via by Renée Libutti The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth. We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough. "Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel The Old Post Office Building Washington D.C." In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving in DJT lounge where the games will be playing all day Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also recent asks? “Trump to campaign for via Via by to stay at Trump’s hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS." Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going Missy! Instead of attacking me Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda Comic bombed at University of Texas at Arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—I told you so! wow Timmy;thanks.. How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed. The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both and Will be a beautiful show! In the end Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again a lot. is Hawaii’s top luxury hotel &amp; destination. Each room features stunning views &amp; superb amenities Charlie call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great! Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual we will have another great season. An HR solutions company polled 1000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses... Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner not to vote? You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about is labeled stupid insane or (cont) The &amp; 5 star restaurant is NYC's top destination Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?! America should not be pressuring to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive. Americans already believe that is better qualified to serve as President over No surprise. “TRUMP TO CPAC: BUILD A GREAT ECONOMY” via ...when they have no environmental restrictions! America' s workers need us." Our great project in South America Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay will have spectacular views and the... I hope the is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard. Via New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings” My interview with destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewers…that’s why they want me on! Via by "'Trump effect' will see Dubai properties rise 50%” My int. with on #HandsOffMyGun 2014 election results stopping Obamacare new Senate &amp; 2016 If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die When the economy is bad wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend? Check out my interview from MSNBC at A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett: “Donald congratulations again we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.” Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league . Now is also “concerned” about ObamaCare along with Program may fold through its own doing. "Thank you for the assignment!!!!! ❤" Great job Fredrik! No surprise. displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Did they mean to honor the Russians? Focus on your goals work hard and never give up. Good luck! From Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.” I hope everybody reads the article “Shakedown Schneiderman” – the AG of New York Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. Champion is back competing in the upcoming "All-Star" Premiere is March 3rd on at 9 p.m. EST. Yes All-Star contestant is a little out there. But he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - "Huntsman goes Donald Trump" The brand new season of starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon. Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)! I always said will attack Iran in some form prior to the election. Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at provide a sophisticated urban appeal Ashley Judd Targeted by Super PAC in Ad (Video) Once again it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price! "Wing bangers"-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S. Once Iran has nuclear weapons they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz. Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran'… (cont) An individual whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns has turned his attention to me..... Made in America? argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in Oh really weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous! Former winner returns to All-Star March 3rd on Bret shows once again why he is a champion! Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates therefore to remain low. has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control. Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Is happy? Via "Trump: Americans 'Desperate for Leadership'" The polling numbers show a close race. needs all of our support. AMAZING - has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC. Congrats to on being awarded the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting' Watch me get inducted into the #WWEHOF tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind the… The returns to on March 6th Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster! WOW SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES Boasting &amp; 5 Star ratings features a superb menu Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8T in added debt disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured "I make no apologies for this country my pride in it or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont) Even with lower profit projections American firms are still throwing money into China Obama is killing investment. 69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week A major defeat for ... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days. Via “Trump’s grand plans for resort get the green light” Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors. Trump National Hudson Valley's 7693 yd par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses. Personally I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them. Situated in the heart of downtown Toronto the 65 story offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is believe it or not still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he has designed. Wrong you idiot! Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT! The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. says No! Via “Donald Trump: Don't Mess Up Name. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People'” Via “Trump transformation on course” In the span of two months the habitual vacationer has called America "soft" and lazy." He loves to criticize America. Hi Jessica and thanks. When is not vacationing he is hosting his top donors in the White House Always having a good time! So campaign is calling a potential criminal How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal! Why is letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? This is dangerous for our soldiers. My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog- Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point. Ribbon cutting &amp; was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs! Watch my latest video blog.... My interview discussing how should release his college applications &amp; records China is complaining about 2500 marines being placed in Australia. Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough Favorite Miami Hot Spots I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor. What do you think of Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right for one thing. #CelebApprentice How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it. I think the will win today. Unlike A-Rod CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays however. Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. Via by James Q. Lynch: “Trump to run typical caucus campaign ‘but bigger’” Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight CNN at 9 pm. He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell. A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen. Good news - has beating 49%-44% Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08. when will u return to Soon! Listen – my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for #zeldinforcongress #TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with see same hairstyle! Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! Why is constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity Watch out men she’s sharp and tough. Welcome to America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability" Where are the jobs?! Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued” That’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at &amp; he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice More lies and is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of #CelebApprentice is back—good news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice Is it legal for to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One? Obama is always fundraising on our dime. Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won. Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst! People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay! Matt the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course"awful" was not made by me but tweeted to me It was great to have veterans George Ross and back in the boardroom. #CelebApprentice Dateline NBC featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! Via “Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May” Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing! America needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads bridge… (cont) It is terrible that did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability. According to 2/3 of Mexican LEGAL immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of ‘no interest’ Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown. Late last Friday announced his 2011 budget deficit was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history. The Trump Signature Collection exclusively available at is the pinnacle of style and prestige This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi... This past Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run! “Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro” via Hispanically Speaking News . child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy Congratulations to on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice) His specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much! Now even old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. He has embarrassed them. China's Financial Institutions are expanding They will own everything if we don't stop them now. My int. destroying Schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow to see which causes are financed daily has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprentice Going over to now to introduce cast etc.-- watch. Via by "Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didn’t Even Ask'" Thanks Bristol! by Trump’s transformation will make Open worth the wait” The crowning moment – Conneticut’s Erin Brady winning 2013 The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional. Lightweight the worst attorney general in the US is in a tough election with John Cahill "I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of picking losers" Another sign that is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data Fox and.Friends now! Hi Sage as a cashier- a big mistake by #CelebApprentice suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser. and will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice Motivation is key so is momentum. You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood and even the Arab world does not like it Congratulations to on winning last night's primary! The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. .. Via by “Trump to build five new holes at NYC's sole hammam The Spa at offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking. "Donald Trump’s Breaks $1M for Comedian Adam Carolla: New crowdfunding site sets record" I fully support the and They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized. I am in Las Vegas for the 2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on at 9PM ET. Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? Congrats to fantastic All-Star celebrity &amp; illusionist on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame! Thanks 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific! A really nice article about the Blue Monster from “The Street.” My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get smart next time)... Just left news conference at with people love Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great! HYPOCRITE! Long before called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park Congratulations to and Arnold on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong! interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury "The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq" Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong. gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever Standing ovation! Check out today's video blog I want to answer more of your questions tweet me..... “Donald Trump: The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video)” via Eliot better have a great pre-nup—I want to help Silda in her negotiation. survives another week of All Star Celebrity Gary is shifty and playing to win. Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history! ...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result. People don’t know that Eliot’s father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters. The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook? The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord. Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments What message does it send when campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago? Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you! Interview: Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds down” via Former Navy SEAL Questions Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks! It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss #CelebApprentice “WATCH: contestants golf with Donald Trump via by Glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser! .... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool. Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities Via by “Donald Trump speaks to veterans residents in Coralville” Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while watches. China’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses Their market gains the day we are hit by storm Our deficits are caused by runaway spending not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem. Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice Had a great time on last night. Greta always does great interviews. I think should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache. In Nov. '11 Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution In Sept. '12 it flew over our Embassy. Heading over and Michael re. Apprentice! Dan of course stories on me do well. Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on. TV was not your forte. With today's struggling job numbers it is clear that there is one choice this November. can turn the economy around. Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed! My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice also an observation I made recently I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog- I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going "green" -- They would laugh in your face! Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast March 15th at 10:30 pm for the Roast of Trump Bad break for a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ! A feature on the progress of the course #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on Thurs 8 May 2014 0930 &amp; 1630 GMT #DAMAC is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season. Thanks Go Angelo people are now really aware of my ties shirts and cuff links at Macy's- Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes story a big lie. For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military (cont) new name via “Ms. Saboteur” sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice A letter from an amazing woman Firing may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet The Village offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs My book Midas Touch with Robert Kiyosaki (Rich Dad Poor Dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea… (cont) The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt! My int. on Obama’s falling poll numbers Americans losing incentive to work and Weiner’s sexting The has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3% A little sensitive are we? and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Star premieres Sunday... If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium be sure to come early. During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM "We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment." #TimeToGetTough In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... ... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence! The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… (cont) The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation. If wanted the "Super Committee" to succeed he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership? Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly. If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "Watch the fine details in every deal" -- The Art of the Deal &amp; take no prisoners in boardroom of ‘All Star’ Where do they get it from? Via by “Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser” My appearances on and #trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat not themselves..... I am hearing that Digital Director is doing great work expanding and modernizing social media. Good – we need it. could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise... Sen. &amp; demand 'Congress Live By Your Laws' One of top public courses course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off. $6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also (cont) Be sure to check out the new projects Giving away money! Congrats to Roger Clemens he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing. $30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction) Lightweight is fighting with –Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser. Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president) and quickly files a suit against me! "If history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) What a shame that ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. are (cont) and John Heilemann’s book Double Down is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book congrats! is pick for the "Best of Weddings" with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean China’s top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp; R&amp;D They are laughing at us! Via by "Trump to speak at in West Des Moines" Archive:“DONALD TRUMP'S GREATEST MOMENTS” When I shaved McMahon's head in XXIII With a designed course directly along the water is North Carolina’s elite club Coming up in March: The "Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump." March 15 mark your calendars. The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly. “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club Philadelphia the #1 private club. Thanks! Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job has done. Class of 2013. #WWEHOF I guess is a lot smarter than dopes like &amp; Oh well both mags are dying anyway. The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor. Don't lie was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie! It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security. My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here... Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas. I applaud for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend A true US friend and great leader. is practically begging to disavow the place of birth movement he is afraid of it and (cont) Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog: Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't have what it takes! My interview with on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation' Letterman had Brian Williams as guest last night I was on last Thursday Whether we like it or not oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price o… (cont) Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) "Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweet" via "Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours" via "You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward." --Donald J. Trump Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate Look here's the deal: has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough Come on goAngelo don't give up now just because your "rally" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I Macy's. Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach. See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... Via by "Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month" My interview discussing stardom and why apology was unwarranted The will be broadcast tonight on at 9 PM. WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by is a hit job to me. Where are high school and college records? In less than a week I'll be honored by Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise to convention. Will be fun! re is right she’s becoming predictable. In my office with Banana Joe who just won the at I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning. Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright. "China is our enemy--they want to destroy us" -- Redstate Interview thinks is "What Washington's Social Scene Needs" Truth is she's amazing. Via "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod" Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief Great investigative work by Jim Hoft with some of my memorabilia. Great new ad from titled "Nothing's Free" detailing both the high costs and taxes of ObamaCare. The economy won't fully recover until is fully repealed. It is a job killer! What is better advice- "The Art of the Deal" or "Rules for Radicals"? I know which one prefers. Watch admit Obamacare is a TAX The GOP must continue to Disrupt Dismantle &amp; Repeal! did a great job last night with the If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake as she should have I would have treated her very nicely. The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under He has stood idle while China steals our jobs. is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly "fit" to run his corporation. Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice How can invoke Richard Nixon against when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?! Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because is such an extreme leftist. He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough. Via “Climate changing for global warming journalists” by Lawrence Solomon (cont) I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in and is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice The habitual 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling. He failed to lead again. A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors. Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects lead by money losing wind turbines facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching! The exclusive home of sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami For beauty and flight I’ll take the 757 over the 787 any day! Video in honor of the 100th Anniversary of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL): “Imagine a World Without Hate” "Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period." #TimeToGetTough I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be Here’s She &amp; make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice Zegarelli and Vescio: Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved now—very bad for town. Via by "Q&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships" Congrats to on winning the Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara! The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of Amazing in the boardroom... Via oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels" #FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of show- is terrific! SHOCK! While attacking private equity experience raises $2M from private equity bankers ... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool. Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco! By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp; faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts. The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure. "If we keep on this path if we reelect the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice. . is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch. is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice Big win by last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp; company now control their destiny. —I know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator? is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer She visited Ivanka &amp; me at Trump Tower today. The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing. and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you! Via TV This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ &amp; together! “Here’s something about Donald Trump he’s got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a All true! My new book Time To Get Tough comes out on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written. My int. on Benghazi cover up the ObamaCare mess &amp; firing on Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on tonight at 10:30/9:30c Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FL—they’re afraid of Miami—can’t believe their luck! Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. should be ashamed for allowing this. The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare. Great news - are starting their own Super PAC to fight (via Go get em! Congratulations to on getting an "A" grade from on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor. sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels. They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage? Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouver’s first pool bar nightclub &amp; Trump Spa Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the IraniansSyrians &amp; Russians along Syrian coast. Laughing at I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont) Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing magazine? I loved being a surrogate on behalf of I am glad I was able to help him win. I am very proud of my friend Despite her recent lossshe gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago!" Thanks. At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious His operation killed innocent Americans. Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings I went to play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog. The upcoming All-Star puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given. We really pushed the envelope The ties shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better! A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from #Golf We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t… (cont) As gas prices keep rising won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes algae - as an (cont) Why did have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G. All-Star Celebrity is down to the five final contestants. Getting fired now is when it really hurts! The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of A great American ally. Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it. The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. doesn't get it. Despite previous tweet Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont) Located in beautiful Briarcliff NY features a 7291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC In other words our military has a very big problem! Father’s Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available Weiner is gone Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see worse than Spitzer or Weiner I think the was far too nice to sleazebag He’s got plenty more to worry about!. More questions answered... #trumpvlog "It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare of (cont) See on the cover of View the digital edition: is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention In last night's #CNNDebate proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future. All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat Via by gives public a chance to hear Trump speak” I answered your questions in today's video... watch at Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer. People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interview—you can access it on With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food. My friend is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it! (FOX). SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later is asking for more time to fix the economy Filming of the record 13th season of has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates. The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home! My interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt our vast natural gas resources &amp; US tax system The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it! A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami. Always nice to see the terrific at the #WWEHOF. Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's game and did so well. The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'? Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on today’s Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fo… (cont) Great photo with and from this week's Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets). Where were all the exposes on "When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?" Sad! At least is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter. Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of will be getting a much bigger treat! He made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) "Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont) Must read piece by “Obama's Diplomatic Acrobatics” RT ACU Announces will be a featured speaker at #CPAC2013! Get tickets today at My interview this morning on Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos If only the morons were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money lost today--great purchase AOL Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes. Another electric car firm that gave $118M just went bankrupt. He loves to waste our tax dollars. Inflation is here. Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets Bad for family grills. It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people! Rev. Wright called on tape a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans. ...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom. Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences a world class golf resort &amp; beach club across 1000 acres Big thanks to &amp; for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon! Who would be stupid enough to invest in ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly? Really enjoyed my interview with He is terrific! The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program But no thanks to us! Will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 P.M. I'm very proud of the work my son has been doing with the take a look... Thank you for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. I’m on tonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago First Minister will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines. Back by popular demand and are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant. They are great! With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally I will be a critic. #trumpvlog China is laughing.... Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher. ObamaCare is such a national treasure that has waived over 1200 companies from the law "A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars our laws and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont) ‘We want to build everything in Dubai” via Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game. Show courage! The job plan by is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one. is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest Here Moyers coddles Marble mouth asks "why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor?" BORING TOM Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses Via by “2014 Contestants” Thanks! My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage. She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US. Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon. I endorsed not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China. It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash but why aren't they testing - who knows? Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new? Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. massive deficit spending is unsustainable. Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) "Trump: I Love the Tea Party They Love Me" via (cross posted on "Trump to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us'" Via ... but is allowed to say that about me. Thanks Scott. Getting ready to leave and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable! Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement! Watch What's America Worth? hosted and narrated by me this Sunday at 9PM on Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice As usual the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings! Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC OPEC continues to rip off hard working American families daily. Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans. With and crew at the start of a new China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) Thanks.Eric. He’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. is out of touch. An iconic building and top tourist attraction sets New York City’s luxury standard &amp; great food! We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke. The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece. is doing a great job! The exclusive home of sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami Overlooking Central Park brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay America's top public course greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by “Golfer bids $130000 for round with Donald Trump” in Scotland for charity via Evening Express Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to? Downtown Manhattan’s trendiest hotel -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms fine dining &amp; The Spa “Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts big brains and (cont) The new reality – China’s demand for oil now controls the market And OPEC gets away with ripping us off at $105! The misery of Obama’s economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 On the sands of Playa Brava waves will reflect on walls &amp; circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este Via by “'Moon cycle' can't defeat on The interview by Jeffrey Lord: "A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting." .....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance "Success"! Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up. My int. &amp; on why Romney shouldn't be Today addressed the NAACP. takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment. Via by “Donald Trump stops in Coralville” Super PAC has continually called a "murderer" Ironic since Obama is destroying Medicare. With on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice My thoughts on campaign.... Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain. Somerset County New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people! ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. may have been a good ‘community organizer’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” #TimeToGetTough With our brand new Tennis Performance Center offers countless activities along with top courses The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING! I heard because his show is unwatchable that has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him? ... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80000 people at MetLife Stadium Wrestlemania. While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of in Miami. (cont) “It’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) When will release an actual budget? I'll be on tonight on at 10 pm. My interview with WMUR’s at #NHFreedomSummit Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching. WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants Does it get any dumber? Even is impressed by #CelebApprentice teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance. Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon. Sadly it took a hit &amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position! and I are looking forward to watching speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady! Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video "Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'" Via Thanks Cam. will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my roast. Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available tops all male business attire Great ruling on wind farm in Scotland—very smart judge! Front page article. Kern County CA has secured $1.2B for windfarms They also just secured more eagle deaths &amp; low property values. Attended last night's game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy. Great to see being well-received in Poland The Poles understand the value of freedom through strength Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp; probably shouldn't be. Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing apparel and fragrances Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts etc. The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers Time to get out of there! "We’re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year... has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation. Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are in addition to everything else robbing us blind. Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak. A-Rod’s forgery defense is blown The more he lies the worse it's going to get. want out of his contract France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating. With the PMs radical tax rates... China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005. US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year China is laughing at us---as usual. The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation. “Trump: Rove Gave Us Obama” via Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control. Many generals and military leaders are now saying "I told you so!" They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec. Via "Donald Trump: I Can Fix America" US job cuts jumped 53% in May from This is the Obama recovery? ...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump..." The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) Coincidence? More than half of 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. Via by “Trump: has 'the right views'" What a great group! With and #WWEHOF We need a dealmaker in the White House who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough. NYC’s sole hamman the bi-level features indoor &amp; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for China is raising its defense budget by 11% wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy. “Trump could be great friend if ‘Second Amendment’ enthusiasm is real” via Why did liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security. What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean during his trips to MY office tell me about President Obama &amp; Governor Cuomo? You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt). Go to now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties shirts and suits. "Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel." (cont) Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. My interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; Freedom Summit. Rated Toronto’s #1 hotel the 65-story 5 Star is located in the heart of the city’s finest attractions The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. Neither can we but that doesn't stop While criticizes the GOP budget his own party graded him with an "F" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0. David--I hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers! My with discussing the Keystone pipeline Re-election is more important than 20000 jobs and (cont) did a great job on All Star Celebrity Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great. Via “Trump Not Happy with Republicans” I wouldn’t use to design a doghouse let alone a house or building! Which National Costume do you think should win? stands in defense of college record Donald J. Trump stands in... Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy! Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race. Doing my due diligence… Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! My interview on last night - "Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion'" What do you think is writing? #CelebApprentice int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty great work &amp; firing Brande Roderick A great photo of and me RT - one would think the photo &amp; caption - says it all.... Dummy who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his “massive” rally at Macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me An insightful article on Welcome to Twitter Beauty arrives to Moscow’s Crocus City Hall this 11.9.! On the world will watch 2013 crowned Disaster! The tax hikes set for 2013 are going "to throw us back into a recession" according to the CBO As the took their 16th vacation this month unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast... Just arrived at Trump National Doral saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves! I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it! Shock - DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. Located in Tribeca each hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan This week’s All-Star Celebrity features another memorable Board Room rumble between &amp; What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time. was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity viewers loved her. Your not free you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself! I have fun I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London My interview discussing reckless spending the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice I don’t know Dennis Kozlowski who made Tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison but he’s up for parole—let him go! Don't be fooled. In 2008 promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way! Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET It will be amazing. And happy to welcome back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice can get people back to work. did an amazing job raising money for with his event featuring Watch Today I'm in Aberdeen Scotland preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts. What would All-Star be w/out a Baldwin? is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy. The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers Via by looking to hire hundreds” So had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon. I will be doing Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 PM on Fox News talking about China &amp; Mitt's failed campaign team. Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil We must become energy independent through our vast resources. Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this "The fact is right now and for the foreseeable future the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont) Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind. inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion. Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy. Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend a great celebration for a great country. Last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 quarter Great news for China. Major grudge match this weekend between &amp; I have a dilemma I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) More of your questions answered in today's video at here is my appearance on Neil Cavuto Vegas’ top destination is a 64-story tower of golden glass What goes on there stays there! Season 13 still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump! Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice... Sorry Dopey I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16. Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award brings luxury &amp; elite amenities to LA's top public golf course ICYMI int. on firingsTrump Int’l DC &amp; “MSNBC'S TOURÉ HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNN” It's Toure's modus operandi. He is so angry. Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus Ridiculous. “Trump Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Maher” via According to has a 12 point advantage over on the economy Look for it to grow. Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family. I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm. This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented. It is a losing issue for and must be repealed. The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong! When the New York Times sold their beautiful long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me! Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice Who is the dumbest man on TV? of MSNBC... We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake? Even the Left realizes that policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. Did try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K? I am sure the media will be all over this. I only require four hours of sleep per night. Very resource rich Canada our neighbor is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S. admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice Trump renovations are on schedule. With such a massive project underway I am watching closely. Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow? Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE (cont) My interview discussing Chuck Hagel nomination Republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next Be sure to buy this month’s magazine. Read “A Trump Card” my interview with Jeffrey Lord. Why does the federal government send foreign aid to China? Unbelievable! Washington is financing America's de… (cont) He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: I can match him--preserving my options. This is a great time for to bow out with dignity. "In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont) Via "Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump #TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004. Dummy--I never went bankrupt. "The administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." #TimeToGetTough The upcoming All Star season of has returning to compete. She doesn’t disappoint! features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors NYC's trendiest luxury hotel Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a Brinks guard... Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall! My friend called recast the race. regularly features contestants on his show. We love his support &amp; he’s a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa. Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9 There are 11 more Solyndras in the energy program He loves to waste our (cont) I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone! The evidence continues to mount against lightweight It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act. China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice as well as my latest video blog at A gallon of gas has more than doubled while has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone. Home of the iconic Ailsa a four time course is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline He is destroying our has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) Current really sad not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!). For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out. PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! Under 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 Another catastrophe is brewing. Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7) I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining New York Republican leader is pushing my friend into political suicide. Results won’t be pleasant! Keystone pipeline would create 20000 direct jobs another 50000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700000 barrels a (cont) has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against I am confident he can defeat RT Her beauty lives 5000 miles past Heaven. ” Thank u OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch. stimulus will fail just like the first. is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop. It's Friday how many advertisers dropped today? Via New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse” Check out this great story from the Worst ever issue of magazine—bad food Graydon Carter should be fired! #CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog to find out about our new App "Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds: 'I speak the truth'" via was great the other night. People love him. First segment of my interview discussing are terrible negotiators &amp; lost all their cards Trump Miss Universe simulcast on and on December 19th will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show! ... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing! I read comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state. is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotland’s throat –he's hated for it. Via by “Donald Trump Buys Four-Time British Golf Course” Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck. "i survive on bread water and essential tweets" Great! Via by “Wind Farm Proposal Near Rejected” Now is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary. Howard Stern will do a great job on He's very smart and really gets what talent is. Thanks Jake. "If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont) Great! Via on sale for Loeb School Event featuring Donald Trump” The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers. #CelebrityApprentice Who will win? Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC. Hall of Famer rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star Great guy! "Under President China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses." #TimeToGetTough "Americans understand that the US has a spending problem not a revenue problem." #TimeToGetTough Great list of spring travel ideas from our properties: It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science. Photo from a recent episode of - saying those two famous words! Host of the &amp; is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster Another investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled He made a great contribution to the will be missed. I answered some of your questions in today's video... Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama SHUTDOWN leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes! Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly it is over for Michele. Bad. survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they won’t be around in a year. New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3% Had dinner this week at (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777 Via by “Buzz builds for RT Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know what is talking about Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place! Great column by David Bossie at “A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare” Had dinner with last night---great guy straight shooter impressive record. Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid? Great shots of #CelebApprentice continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things Bringing true luxury to the Windy City soars 92 levels over the Chicago River The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities Vattenfall just laid off 2500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties. RT In case you missed it check out story about &amp; American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions. Great job-you are a terrific player! Via BY brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster" Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; China Terrible mistake! While spends recklessly on domestic projects he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR? China's best friend wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships the lowest level since job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches. Named best golf course in the world by Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland is a 7400 yd par 72 Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result. "Trump Making GOP Speech — Is 2016 in the Cards?" via I believe is manipulating the jobless numbers is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade Great sportscaster Al Michaels a friend of mine played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National LA. He was in perfect shape! Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want re-elected My interview discussing my video &amp; why should not apologize A guy named on FOX their resident liberal was not born with much of a brain. "China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly China will gain a whole (cont) To show you how dishonest some of the press is they took my funny &amp; (cont) ...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media? Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. The must cut spending not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem not a revenue problem. Remember told in 09 that it is "not true" that the individual mandate is a tax Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted. public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views an elite attraction having “top brand impact 2012” ahead of Idol Survivor X Factor &amp; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise! Which team is your favorite? A day after Greece burned released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece Breitbart gets it! Vote should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight! More $ thrown away - gave $20M to Amonix and praised its "success" in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare? In 1999 said that he didn't support Welfare Reform He just gutted the entire program. Hi Ryan. Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity. Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cain on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out! Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure. The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor Hypocrite! in '06 called private equity "the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality" My interview discussing Pres. Obama’s inauguration debt plan &amp; #1 branding Gotta hand it to she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax "The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work." #TimeToGetTough (cont) The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding. #trumpvlog My thoughts on in today's video blog... Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama. SSE slashes offshore wind investment—wants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities Trump National Golf Club Charlotte is the premiere club in North Carolina. Will visit tomorrow. I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in! It's good to see that is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections Voter fraud must be broken. So is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko My interview with last night on 'Missed His Opportunity' Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight Does Eric wear eyeliner? My int. on IRS targeting Tea Party the Benghazi death scandal &amp; v. finale My interview where I discuss Job Council investigation &amp; 2012 election The Republicans should NOT give the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) “Donald Trump’s Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claims” via "Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under ‘Obamacare’ If They Don’t Accurately Project Their Income" \ Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of "Why Obama won't release his college transcripts"- Come on Jay! "Trump: Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself'" via Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. "Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation." --Donald J. Trump "If we reelect the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont) My book with Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old "tax and spend" won't create jobs. The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace (cont) Hi Chris! "A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely not funneling it to his cronies (cont) "Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'" via Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected. Magician extraordinaire is back in the All-Star This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve. Congratulations to on winning access to federal database He is making FL a safe &amp; legal election for 2012 “The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) My thoughts on last night's meeting with in today's #trumpvlog... "Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland" Fast and Furious gun running goes all the way to the White House. We need answers now! Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets... ‘Uniforms 4 Everyone’ campaign has a $3000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms Give great credit to for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan. Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future! "The Gang of Six" - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A. Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at has won the most delegates received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat Dianne Gallagher is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte NC. Fantastic interview--thanks! Thanks. OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more! He is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy! China has hacked another US government body. will we learn? W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State This chart from AEI's shows how terrible 'recovery' really is: Disaster. I hate redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing. Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) Ever see in performance? They’re fantastic. And so are Penn &amp; Teller. Don’t miss them. #CelebApprentice July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year. Bain did not list as an Executive on its website in 2000 Saul Alinsky tactics won't work! Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral. My friend lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) "Look here's the deal: has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont) Great memory #CelebApprentice The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich. Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Director’s Cut The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is The primary is over. "Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner" via Record crowd expected. via American Spectator "Trump Card" by Jeffrey Lord OmikronDreamer do you wear your own ties?" Yes. Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late. "When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?" #TimeToGetTough My speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks. There’s no love lost between &amp; Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice Watch my appearance on This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of will be tough &amp; nasty. Be sure to watch &amp; fight to the finish! Thank you to for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on "If history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her - Have a terrific weekend! Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18 5:30 pm Herald Square. ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy. Just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact the stoppers have become the abusers. My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- "Nation Has Become "All Talk No Action' " My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book… #trumpvlog If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth long term unemployment and record high premiums. If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences. . is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on book ‘The Amateur’ is out in paper back. Lots of insights. Ranked nationally in top 100 Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece David--Thank you my great honor for a very worthy cause! Then why do you follow me dummy! I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor! Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought ... Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke! Congrats to of for exposing Jason Linkins of as a lightweight dope who gives false information. Lightweight is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at! My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving! "Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone." --Donald J. Trump Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening. A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days with wise leadership lie ahead. is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) Pres. O -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya As we told the I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch! All-Star Celebrity continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More and bigger coming… In August 2012 Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom' Good call! Who's the outsourcer? campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy! I wonder why is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? Playmate of the Year returns to the 13th season of All Star is smart &amp; beautiful. Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds Where's the outcry? Check out this photo shoot video of Spring 2012 collection.... in two minutes. Yes I will give my pick tomorrow. Watch cover it on Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral. My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. Good info to know about. Via by Jeffrey Lord: "Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?" What a great writer &amp; researcher--amazing story. Some protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party. Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design We should offset the cost from our Chinese debt Titans: Donald Trump’ is available to live stream on and Watch! Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. I’ll be there all week Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for "The Ultimate Merger" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ... General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control. My performance from last week on David Letterman will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS. is 1-12 against the Western Conference’s top four seeds after Sunday’s loss &amp; swept the season series. My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox... #trumpvlog You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys. His spending is reckless: will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit. Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you. I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower Las Vegas (cont) America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future. The DC press corps is obsessed with my speech which is scheduled tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them. Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. given a raw deal in story--not fair. Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUTCAP and BALANCE. NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them We can do much better! True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy! both headed to Trump courses” via Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow that would be the end a disaster! ... and pay per view records with “Battle of the Billionaires” in Detroit. It was a wild day! Thanks. My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) The new reality. China’s economy ‘underpins’ global demand Our leaders just watched as China took full control. "Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity via Great speaking to you today we will speak again soon. is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls Florida must be a legal election. That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe. The administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations Weakness is very dangerous: is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe! Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get? In case you missed it my interview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings &amp; economic growth is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John! ...Those stupid people bought company (of which he owned a piece). #trumpvlog Why I cancelled the "great debate"..... Wow--very nice! Commodity prices are beginning to drop as a result of the Euro crisis Even NY Democrats are avoiding convention He is dragging his own party down with him My int. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare &amp; how it is stopping businesses from hiring Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based is a job killer. China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is "the largest expansion by any oil company in the world" (cont) No just the opposite lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)! Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible! Danny you're not having fun you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal? Spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of All Star also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom. Seems like the teams are surprised when comes back. #CelebApprentice Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available ... and opened a full month ahead of schedule. Case is taught in Wharton. Always fun to read the investigative piece re his mascara and more! Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights &amp; is now being treated for ‘pre-existing’ medical (cont) Beautiful in tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's. #TrumpAdvice discussing NYPD Chief Kelly’s great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. The Fed is destroyin… (cont) Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on at 9PM EST! Be sure to check to see my picks ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to "comfort care" instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! Thanks Jedi. Via BY Bill Smith: “GOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithful” "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." --The Art of the Deal I have fun I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October. I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett Icahn Kravis and Paulson - as you know! is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show S T. Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck! Why did let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out. I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia. Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor. everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal. You’re starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldn’t take my bet but it’s (cont) 70 stories above Panama Bay the majestic sail design is Central America’s architectural icon Government dependency has surged over 23% since has taken office. He is creating an entitlement culture. . replaced on to increase ratings. It’s a shame Chris’ are even worse. Sad to see. Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal? Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring Why? ObamaCare US debt &amp; tax plan. The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15% economic recovery is all "Hope" Spitzer and Weiner lost lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job! Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…It's great! Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on tomorrow morning. My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN Watch out. Champion returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity Don't cross her! Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course" Thank you. When will release his college and law school Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. Even liberals &amp; Democrats think Eric Schneiderman’s use of the Atty General’s office is unfair &amp; unethical. The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt Only in America! In No Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment negotiating with China &amp; my $5M court win "Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH" Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star She is great as always. Congratulations to on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management! “Trumps Are Giving A Makeover” via It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: is doing a fundraiser tonight making it almost impossibl… (cont) Congrats to on winning championship. is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont) The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details: Via "Donald Trump Eyes 2016" by Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America. "American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation but the Chinese (cont) On the shores of the Lake Norman features a world-class course designed by Just as I predicted was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an… (cont) Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways. #Sandy and I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you! RT Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities. Via by sues for violating 1st Amendment" "Donald Trump: Yahoo Marissa Mayer Are Right; Employees Should Not Work From Home" via The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. ..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event I'm sure he is a nice guy! China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership it can be stopped. Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves. Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night. See the Ashley Judd ad by and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama. editor of explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True! So biased: made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year. "Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour.” via ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Judd—simply increases her profile. Both and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home. "We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy." #TimeToGetTough (cont) #TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today. The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read. Via “Last year it was Tiger Woods with the walk-off” #TrumpDoral The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time. Be confident pay attention--and good luck. Flashback: “What Learned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate'” Via ObamaCare "is a tax" gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. Shameful! Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the administration. The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at is &amp; #DCBound" Thanks. I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota FL when I receive the "Statesman of the Year" award. May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%. economy is a disaster New numbers tomorrow. Congratulations to on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel. ... Doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now. I am sure the will do a great job bracketing the convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization. The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party. and me at the this morning. My interview with Andy Dean on I told him what I really thought about the debate. In Miami tracking $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort. just signed for 10 yr ext. When will release his transcripts? What is he hiding? Via by Editorial Board: “New York’s mute Schneiderman is feckless and corrupt. "When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability you (cont) Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC. Iran admits to aiding the Libyan "Rebels" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean? Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust. Congratulations to my friend on being named to the "Hall of Famous Missourians." Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character. Vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen Scotland just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move A great ad from showing "A Few of the 23 Million" unemployed who need economic change Take it to him Mitt! I agree Modern Family sucks! are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning don't want him. "Think. That’s the first step. Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability" --Donald J. Trump China 'scorns' US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us and feels Obama is a "dummy" You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships. My interview discussing the 57th St. crane damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job! should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course. Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog Is everything ok over there I actually got some good press from them today. Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises! I watched at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion! The Solyndra $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money. “Donald Trump: ISIS 'Awakens the Lion' With Journalist Beheading” (includes Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered- My interview where I discuss why is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. and arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression. can get us out of it. (cont) The Euro put in place to hurt the U.S. is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think. "Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'" via Moneynews Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 But thinks the private economy is "doing fine." “Trump to build second Scottish course” via Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C. My WCNC News interview w/ touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here He has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as does of ever having a successful (cont) #TheView Lots of fun on with and My interview with last night -- "Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'" Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! To show you how shallow politicians can be many are jealous of my speaking slot &amp; also their fellow Republicans! Not good! Hard work but fun. Congratulations to and --all listed #1 on World's Best Business Hotels "The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast? Check the records dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama! Dine With The Donald and ...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast. My interview re: pregnancy my grandchildren Obama's 18% tax rate &amp; Obamacare He is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. Now has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees He always goes against interest. Thanks. Looking forward to Sunday’s speech in the ExCel Centre. Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice has panoramic Pacific Ocean views features a 7242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' China is hoping that Obama is re-elected. Excited to speak at tomorrow night's Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan “All time sales record over 2000.” My interview discussing why is not a nice guy and who will win the 2012 election Good news - is going to fight back against Rove’s attack on the Tea Party Go get em! Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - debate? More debate is always better. Congratulations to MK on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better. Via by “Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport” The Federal government has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed. lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco has dropped out—project not economically viable--&amp; protestors hate it. #SuccessByTrump exclusively available has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs. The released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this. My int. on Obama scandals not resonating no retribution on Benghazi Obama not being engaged Had a fantastic time at yesterday’s All-Star press conference with in The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star with Stephen does great. "Donald Trump Defends His "Big" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'" via He wants 23 years of tax returns Let's see BHO's school (cont) Must read editorial co-written by editor William Kristol &amp; editor ‘Kill the Bill’ largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle Chicago cronyism Remember this Sunday I am also featured on at 8PM right before the premiere of All-Star likes me! Vote for the next Miss USA... #VEGASusa11 #MissUSA My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog... "The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation." (cont) Pres. Bill Clinton 5.31.12: had a sterling business career." The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately. So wrong! is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons... "Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) Via "Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding" #FundAnything Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on at 1AM EST Champion loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations. Congrats to on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf. You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you! is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager "We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment. It's time to (cont) Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River John is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey is one of the least respected! Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening! Met at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker. 3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why can't manage to pass his agenda. China does not negotiate from a position of strength we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute. Will Plan B miss Trace? is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE. You have no chance! magazine is doing so poorly that they make even look good. Graydon Carter should’ve been fired a long time ago. Via by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again” Another great shot from the beginning of construction at Sounds interesting. Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto Wolf Blitzer Fox & Friends and Larry Kudlow....check out wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but won’t let them—he’s (cont) I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here What will be excuse tomorrow after wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out. With expected to represent in the Presidential race Chris will have a very hard time winning. "Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont) I am very happy to have the civilian version of "The Apprentice" back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity. Robert Bryce on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster. "Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) All-Star has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain &amp; are in competition. Fireworks! The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush! #wolfblitzercnn This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity features the return of Sunday at 9 PM on 2 hours. After Solyndra is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable. For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration. DESPERATE- is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on VP picks Dirty tactics. shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen. It’s Tuesday. How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today? "Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom economic freedom (cont) "The economy will come back but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont) RT just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed... Interesting article by Is Time to Use ‘The Trump Card’” Thanks Matt for the nice mention Really bad ratings for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him! Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval ratingleaves biggies alone Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available Top selling brand nationwide.Ties shirts fragrance-great gifts. My interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary our $17T national debt &amp; 2016 election Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST and 6:00PM EST to the QVC network to watch my wife The Debate mic and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!" True thx Work really hard &amp; think smart! Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate. Could be a fight over red-heads with could be good. #sweepstweet My interview Great defense by the this weekend—congratulations to 6 points allowed! Tonight in his SOTU won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare. The USC should be ruling any day now on Hopefully we will get the right result. My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again. #TimeToGetTough My re: the sequestration failure of leadership in DC China playing us &amp; taking over in 2016 Adam Moss editor in chief of is quickly losing his reputation in that has become so boring and so irrelevant. "If Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution then maybe he should have (cont) Of course attacked 'birthers' in praising speech. Chris has completely lost it. Congrats to Senator McConnell and Kellen Guida on yesterday’s successful Tea Party Caucus l still think should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem! My interview discussing wanting me to run for POTUS SOTU and his China policy Via "Donald Trump speaks in Novi drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Party's “Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power America’s (cont) really blew it--went down in flames--too bad! Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran. Looks like my work here is done bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching every Sunday 9/8c. Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in Tell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to Scotland. Five Questions w/ of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'" The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover. Thank her for me! has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of Nice guy needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt; When it comes to China practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it'… (cont) My interview re: the dismal job report getting ripped off by South Korea 2016 election &amp; #WWEHOF It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity task will separate the winners from the losers. Good luck and nice hat! My interview last night with Greta on Fox News "To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system" #TimeToGetTough 3. You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP. Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 &amp; great on their engagement! I am very happy for you both. In the UK taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that don't even operate. They (cont) Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations? Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down. Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles. Via "Donald Trump to Speak in Novi This May" Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare is trying to implement his debacle in public schools Visiting LA? Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club The #1 public course in the country! Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago. gave a strong speech. She’s great! House has the right bill: “If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” The Senate must take it up on a vote! #CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC CBS and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating. And dumb people like RT Trump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to play/learn/like golf. "Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge" Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job. Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem expensive mess. Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) "No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp; Frisk) Is Stopped” - Commissioner Ray Kelly I feel bad for all employees. Every day at work they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants. The Misery Index is at a 28 year high. "Keep it fast short and direct - whatever it is." --Donald J. Trump Biden Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 PM on Fox News. "Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont) "We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators but they are. Presidents are our (cont) literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' Pretty convenient. China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending. ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b… (cont) China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe knows that he selling us out. Derek Jeter wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you. China is threatening Washington over the currency bill. We should pass it immediately. Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. If the GOP will have any chance to beat in November the great people of Michigan need to support candidacy. Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$ The home of the boardroom- #CelebApprentice has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough 1981 transfer class to Columbia "declined" in "quality" according to the Columbia Spectator I will be at Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book. It was great to see you - say hi to all! The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. Via "Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'" is a bit toxic” per Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule. Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4 On the agenda 2013 Trump Pageant in Moscow on 11.9 on Congrats on a huge NV victory. Let’s make a one term president #OneTermFund has no clue what’s going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum. Via “Trump researching 2016 run” Music cues audience participation sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by can't be feeling too good. I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET Don't worry other time zones I will give nothing away! Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers China loves to cheat! Via by Jeffrey Lord: “New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted” Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama. My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... #trumpvlog The fundraiser last night was a tremendous success. Mar-a-Lago my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont) But I like picking on losers! My complaint against is a “case study” for JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics. Thanks Chris! The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity. has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost ineffective desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful tower Ranked a top course &amp; 6 Star Diamond Award Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes doesn’t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice How stressed are and already? #CelebApprentice Here we go again via ... another bad deal. Via "Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'" The Federal deficit crossed $15Trillion 100% of our GDP. Yet the Super Committee can't find $1.2Trillion i… (cont) The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation. While is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11. Pathetic! Since is going to win the recall is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence? Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job. Looking forward to speaking at Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great! cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs in February. Even if stays in DC taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9. "Don’t be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self." --Donald J. Trump A day after released a trillion dollar budget deficit he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality. In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news delivered a 31 percent margin of victory... Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog... Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - "I've always been a believer in second chances." says Donald Trump My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog.... My exclusive interview with discussing Trump National North Carolina &amp; future deals Now that China's own economy is slowing watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont) Why is delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough ...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered. For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants as well as other show details go to Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters. OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices? The failure of the "Super Committee" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable. Congrats for being ranked #1 on and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner! Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until is defeated. The average family has spent $4155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. Both record highs. (cont) Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYC—congratulations to all! The is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events. I only go on shows that get ratings that's why I do and Your sho… (cont) Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... Congratulations to Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time hit leader. “The thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill consumers do.” #TimeToGetTough Read this about Five Star are the most luxurious &amp; elite residences in the Vegas market “If you love it own it” “Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 45.8 cents in state local and federal taxes.” #TimeToGetTough Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? When will present an actual budget? Enough with the games. Looks like is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice My interview re: blackout stupid comment &amp; suing f/$5M Unbelievable how he gets away with it: is flying around on Air Force One laughing at everybod… (cont) Even more crony capitalism &amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor Emin your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR! Featuring &amp; Palm Grill offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options "THEBillMcGee a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase!" Thank you. Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night 9 pm on NBC. China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar… (cont) I only speak the truth. Rev. Graham made a critical point. has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) Trump is hosting the WGC from March 6th – 10th. Join me--I will be there all four days. My interview re: 2016 the need for leadership in our country Syria &amp; China hacking our military Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection. Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone. Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice “Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay” via George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man. Strong leader: Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) ....on ruining Scotland’s beauty with ugly &amp; costly wind turbines? Via "Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio" knows how to prioritize! Glad to hear will be delivering the Keynote for the convention. He will deliver a strong message. looks like he really cleaned up his act. "By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs continues to weaken our (cont) Talking with backstage- #WWEHOF is suggesting football is going away and will lose. is a moron. Great to hear that our loyal fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special! Military reps have attacked over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise... The real outsourcer - is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money How does that help us? 5 Star &amp; #1 Luxury Hotel offers style luxury &amp; impeccable service He claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008: I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete who raised $700000 on Celebrity Apprentice Does anyone else have two golf pros—John Nieporte &amp; Jim Herman—who qualified for the U.S. Open? Could this be an all-time record? Despite firing in last night's All Star Celebrity Stephen had strong overall performance this season Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) Very successful fund raising for yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson. "America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil rejected in Keystone. Unbelievable! The recovery - US unemployment is 9.1% US underemployment is 19.1% Businesses won't hire under Obama. Radio interview w/ discussing why NY must start fracking &amp; staying in primary Disappointed the article on did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley. I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in! Jobless claims rose yet again last week economic record is abysmal--we can do much better. Via “Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship” Op-Ed "Culture Does Matter" : But nobody asked-a great school! Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished big time and quickly. Via “EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP COUNSEL 'CANNOT CONFIRM OR DENY' INTEREST IN BUYING NEW YORK TIMES” This Sunday's All-Star features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready. Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST FOX News The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont) Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms top dining &amp; amenities ... and in my opinion should not be doing The Apprentice. October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this economic recovery? My interview discussing how is running a hateful campaign &amp; the convention 'Surprise' Via Tweet of the Day Hi Dan and good luck! Great column by on "Karl Rove Is Done" The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings! A great job by everyone. Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? At least is consistent. My interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston CPAC speechthe economy and primary the habitual vacationer called America "lazy" this past weekend while in Hawaii. It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York will be delivering the benediction at the convention. Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode Boring &amp; failing 3rd rate political reporter had flunky write a totally false report about me today...... Sleepy eyes of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that I’m doing See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice My interview yesterday with discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012.... This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice When confronted can't defend his ridiculous attacks on George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice Detroit’s bankruptcy could just be the start Many municipalities across US are over-leveraged &amp; losing citizens He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. has done an (cont) ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution. #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO! China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano retired CEO of IBM should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting! The Fed must be reined in. In 2011 the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable! Congratulations to for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure. The stimulus "is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years" --as admitted by own CBO Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and convention. Will be fun! A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation. The Muslim Brotherhood allies in Egypt will cancel the Camp David Agreement. What a disaster! Really enjoyed discussing yesterday with I am a long time Yankee fan. everyone adores you- including me- get well fast! A great compliment. Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years. Another solar company funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy One (cont) has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up! Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great! Looking forward to being guest of honor at Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday. Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well! Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC Chuck Hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days. A lot can happen. My #Politicking interview on the govt. shutdown ObamaCare Putin 2016 and Tom "marbles in his mouth" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now he calls (cont) visited me at what a great guy! Joe Girardi must play his starters even A-Rod they got you there. I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. &amp; are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. will be performing. Tune in! Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season! So much for Hope and Change. has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside. My interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf US Airways-American merger &amp; oil I let come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v. Via "Donald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'" That's true--they all ask! Sources inside office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss. ..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School... My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on Congratulations to on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now. New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golf… ""Our country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own." #TimeToGetTough (cont) Don't believe the lies--every budget has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in! Read about how this hotel came into being in my book “Never Give Up”—it’s quite a story. #CelebApprentice Listen to my interview with tonight at 10PM ET on China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship. Happy to have passed 800000 followers. Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later. My interview from yesterday discussing how failed to show any leadership on th… (cont) I never went bankrupt. By design the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation REPEAL! An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to --we need real leadership. "Donald Trump visits Doral resort says he’s allaying neighbors’ concerns" via record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests events and conferences. "Right now we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. China is (cont) Via "The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party" Congratulations to on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech' America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) He believes that the War on Terror is over Who does he think won? "President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year The price of gas has to be lowered. Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt. for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved! My interview discussing ObamaCare the Romney-Trump fundraiser &amp; my plans for Jones Beach My interview discussing QE3 the housing market my stock picks and the 2012 election I will be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again in Trump Tower on Frida… (cont) Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice John Heilemann the lightweight reporter begging to be joe looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess! "Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs." #TimeToGetTough "Trump has big plans for improving via "Always know you could be on the precipice of something great." --Donald J. Trump Receiving the trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland. "I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces." #TimeToGetTough How will Mitt Romney defend his record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate? My interview yesterday on CNBC's Squawk Box: Debt Deal a… (cont) Thanks China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage. They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity. No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet Did she also write it? A wonderful place. "I really want to speak at Liberty University convocation again." Great school. Excited and honored to be addressing summit in Iowa this August. Via "Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge" "Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US" via by Great -- Good luck James It’s clear to me that needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet Thanks Sean keep up the good work! While continues to defend ObamaCare in the courts he is also granting companies waivers. Eve… (cont) My interview discussing the "Make America Great Again" Texas filing and the Iowa caucus Looking forward to the at Trump Doral next week 3.6.-3.10. Can’t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly an amazing couple! Be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s Steve is a terrific guy! The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal- Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! Via on "Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia" My interview with discussing the new season of All-Star Via 'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC CBS &amp; NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m. No wonder is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost. From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at and Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132000 a really large sum. Bret on the other hand raised very little... Yesterday I was in Washington D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent. My show interview with discussing the fierce competition in All-Star In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare. Via WSOC_TV: "Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte" Great job Via by Joe McCarthy: “Trump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debut” Reckless! Why is wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn? The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first. My interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against I was on CNN was fabulous in last night—as was the entire cast. said yesterday that we have "gone soft." How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't? Via “Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summit” Get tix is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities When will realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend ineptitude? book "Emily Gets Her Gun" exposes the attack on our Second Amendment A must read! What a foolish move by to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the campaign. “Donald Trump on Mark Levin: Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politics” via Thanks. From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy healthy prosperous New Year. Let’s think like champions in 2010! Looking forward to my Iowa visit at Summit Big crowd! Last Friday's gaffe by claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't Via "Photos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club" When it comes to China practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and it… (cont) Small bright spot in lackluster economy - travel industry added 81000 jobs in 2012 Trump Org had a record year. My interview discussing Obama's SOTU Rove's attack on the Tea Party &amp; All-Star Via “Trump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation” A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector. Thanks Piers you helped make it so! I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create "Make America Great" Party on my behalf. It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck. Very wrong dopey! With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel Loser! Great article by explaining why was biggest loser James is sharp. "Nobody cares" about the Iowa straw poll is what said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him). "Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense" via "DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS" via Great new ad from 'Next Year...President in Jerusalem the Capital of Israel' Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high. They ar… (cont) What is your favorite film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s confidant Rostam Ghasemi a commander of the Revolutionar… (cont) looks amazing in 2000 "Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock." #TimeToGetTough ...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines! The pressure on the debt ceiling is on #trumpvlog The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent original home... ...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. Featuring top spa in New York AAA Five-Diamond Award is Soho’s most elite hotel &amp; destination spot Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the & for issuing (cont) Excited to see that has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club Charlotte NC formerly The (cont) Obama will be going on &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly... My int. on discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa Recently opened it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. Via BY ramps up with first TV ad Trump event” Thanks Spence. Additionally two executives are under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary. Read about my speech in Morning Score This has to stop! loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. Last night’s All-Star once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there. "It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone." (cont) China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. "Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont) With Barry Diller &amp; Tina Brown in charge did anyone doubt that would be a massive failure? Adopt the Arts campaign at ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs "Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great exciting things." #TheArtofTheDeal "Donald Trump Ed Koch and the Ice Skating Rink: A Tale of Bureaucracy" Not the world only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. You're too stupid to (cont) You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt. W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views is the top luxury public golf course in the country Had a great time on inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta on the new spot! China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help! Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner! Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET Wrong! Under watch is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's Leadership Summit Regardless of the USC's ruling ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt. is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel 4 star restaurant &amp; spa Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget! I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision. A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year The policy realized! Colin Montgomerie You are not only a great golfer you are doing a great job of commentary Thanks--food for thought! "Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs Obama has been a total disaster." #TimeToGetTough "America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) My interview with discussing my endorsement of and why he can beat via Donald Trump announces launch of his first Indian project in Pune Priorities: wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog.... RT Check out my May Redbook magazine cover. Very exciting! #Redbook The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump On April 1 I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens. US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' Write to Alex Salmond: China talks about the so-called "carbon footprint" and then behind our leaders backs they laugh. They could (cont) Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. Now is the time to buy property. "China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly China will gain a whole (cont) Watching get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? is being punished for his political views Via by "TRUMP: NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T'" It was total bullshit! I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular! One of top private clubs features a Jim Fazio designed 7291 yd par 72 course Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama. He doesn’t need the fight. Too much political capital will be wasted. ... Icahn Kravis Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt! A round of golf compliments of me: Trump National Golf Club--Los Angeles. The CBO has confirmed that stimulus "crowds out" private investment while not creating any jobs. "We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont) My interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point the fiscal curb &amp; why we must &amp; can make a great deal. A certain whack job Go Angelo who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's.... This is what thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) "We just have to get tough get smart and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the (cont) Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on Tune in! is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid? I am right--current tense. Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year! The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) “Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago” via My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog... Via CBSWashDC: “114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trump’s Latest Hotel” Thanks Colin. Thanks Cody My interview where I discuss fixing the economy killing Bin Laden the John Edwards trial and fair Good news. Voters give the edge over on handling the economy according to NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!). By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotland’s ugly wind turbines is playing right into hands. I tried watching but fell asleep. 1. Each week you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities using Twitter…... Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover real 2011 budget deficit Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella Miss California---our new MIss USA! wonderful "The Men Who Built America" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing I'll be live tweeting the debate My interview discussing the close election the enthusiasm gap between Mitt &amp; Obama &amp; the fiscal cliff "A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough “TRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWS’ BIRTHER RANT: ‘HE USED TO BE A MUCH MORE INTELLIGENT MAN’" "With China beating us like a punching bag daily OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean and jobs nowhere in sight (cont) #trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice... 70 stories over Panama Bay is the country’s first five star development. A masterpiece Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast? Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery. Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News.... For those who missed my chat with on radio here it is on TV. Sean is Everyone is telling me that is going to run against lightweight would win! Scottish government having huge backlash on wind turbines. is becoming very unpopular. has created more jobs in the private sector than has as President. record (cont) So claims that birth certificate evokes 'controversy' Where (cont) on tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST! Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving! No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal. Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved! Less than a week after we leave Iraq the country is already unraveling. We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont) The Mullahs laughed when "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first. No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America. Georgetown should not host for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics. Industrial turbines are destroying our land. Dine with The Donald and Mitt The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from George Ross could be would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban Read 'The Art of The Deal.' My interview discussing housing prices the GDP numbers China spreading its wealth and my stock picks. All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad! Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in. Josh--Thanks I think you're right. Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING! Congratulations to &amp; on making list of "10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter." has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd Amendment rights. Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all! "Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom" via He's a druggie. "The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft." (cont) "Donald Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be ‘A Favor To The Country’" via Looking forward to the GOP debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader. My interview on &amp; my surprising TV career ... debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelry” collection! The event featured a performance by #CelebApprentice a great event for a great cause! Watch- "All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford." (cont) He invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner So corrupt! Do you think will be able to “step up” as PM? I know is hoping so. #CelebApprentice is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of All-Stars. Our fans love her. Thank you to the for a very nice story- Via Trump will speak at CPAC"by This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of and #CelebApprentice FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington DC Outrageous- has spent over $2.7B on implementing since the oral arguments at SCOTUS See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun. Thank you to reviewer who stated "'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters... Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor! The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years. Looking forward to my summit visit and speech. Via "Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky' 'Boring' Oscars Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained" Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit is sending $770M overseas "to fight global warming" Crude has skyrocketed since delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20000 jobs gone but family budgets are tightening. While watches China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont) It was great having back on this week's The real war on women--over 175000 fewer held jobs in July &amp; 94000 dropped out of labor force We must do better. Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday September 16th at 9 pm on NBC. Follow jewelry line on site Via The Hindu "Realty brand Donald Trump’s India venture to sport desi tag" China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting. Great! Strange--why didn't hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me. "Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont) According to a poll over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers ObamaCare is a T-A-X. The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason will be a great POTUS. Via All-Stars' first trailer” Via "Robb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World" Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel.. I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) "So if Iran is going to take over the oil I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq."#TimeToGetTough Just left Istanbul Turkey yesterday where #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent! Now is telling how to control his own assets. Obama is consumed by class warfare. Great going Mark. Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course What America needs: follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut. Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down. ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt It must be repealed! on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice My interview from yesterday with "The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax tax tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work" #TimeToGetTough I always believed was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... "Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) Newsstand sales for run by sleepy Graydon Carter are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants! See Charles Gasparino’s article in today’s NYPost about Eric Schneiderman’s witch hunt against Republicans I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama. ... Rove’s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch! Great playing--we are proud of you! RT Good to hear is on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate: Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos If policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump? Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. The new reality. is weak. My int. on China the economy and my upcoming keynote at Leadership Summit Via by Myra Per-Lee: “Got A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund It” Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular! What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice You should Vine more often they're great! #trumpvine" Thanks! My interview with discussing why I endorsed and why he will make a great President In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter- Besides an award winning golf course features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula There are great campaigns on Be sure to take a look and donate to one today. Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on was very interesting--Woodward was great. It's sad to see once decent newspapers like failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved. Yeah blame me moron! -- honored and excited to be listed on Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs? Donald. Thank you for all your support of Great new breakthroughs." Fantastic! Great meeting with yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy! and me at a press event for All-Star earlier today at Great! “Donald Trump Takes on Apple via "Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about on My interview on discussing the economy and "Witch Hunt" Via “WAR! TRUMP LEVIN PUMMEL ROVE AS CONSERVATIVE BATTLE ESCALATES” Via "Trump's protégé earns US Open spot" Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil. Bring back? He is back! Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ... As an "honorary Buckeye" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting over the top. It was a crucial win. “Good communicators control space.” – Roger Ailes ‘You Are The Via “most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West” It’s gets the comeback of the year award. I didn’t like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a "bad time" at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont) will do great in his new talk show on CBS. He’s really got what it takes! "We need a president who knows how to get things done who can keep America strong safe and free and who can (cont) In case you missed it last week's interview with discussing Tiger Woods &amp; much more Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama... Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which by the way blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned. Shocking--two of largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra What a coincidence! Work hard be focused and keep your momentum at full speed. My interview discussing debate responses Obama's hidden records my tweets and unemployment “Sixteen” is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurant—don’t miss it! Be sure to listen to my interview today on Congratulations to Steve on his new show! Back by popular demand this year’s All-Star sees the return of Our fans love her. Had a great time on this morning. Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job. Kate--All my best wishes to you. A clip from guest hosting yesterday on discussing Halle Angus and Gen. Petraeus couldn’t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarm—so forced phony extension. #TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position. Yesterday I explained to on why doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book Think Like A Champion: What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough. Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life! "What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) Ohio Senator knows how to return prosperity: #Mitt2012 #tcot Great article in the -- "Donald Trump opens £100m golf course" writes that should pray that China overtakes US" Don't worry he is making it happen. Thanks! Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC CBS NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success. "Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch" via ... to build a wind farm and destroy this view! has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement! Remember what I said about attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont) Thanks Dan Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech' Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it! Thanks. Via "Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel" I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox. NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont) The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. Why did force Mubarak out? He was an ally. Yes! Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' has ruined our economic hegemony. “Donald Trump: Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favor” via Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today. 2. The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity… The EPA is caught saying that their "philosophy is to crucify oil companies" That will sure lower the price of gas. has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus. "For too long we've been pushed around used by other countries and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont) As of September 30th we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off. #TimeToGetTough Tune in for my interview with tonight at 10 pm Good messaging and staying on point. called "anti-investment anti-business Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls... Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes! Today will be a Super Tuesday for -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee. Via "Thomas Jefferson Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia" Must read via by “Congress Should Vote No on Syria” Enjoying the Olympics. Great coverage by as well. GO TEAM USA! The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months ObamaCare continues to slow growth and cost jobs. "The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success." (cont) Iran's continued public threats of annihilating are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough My new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon Thanks. In '08 called Jerusalem Israel's capital Now he attacks on Jerusalem Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low. Is this ‘recovery’? "Yes the BP oil spill was bad but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont) He makes a mistake "every hour every day" admits The problem is that we are paying for them. My int. re: Tiger’s victory at Trump 's my WH tour offer and CPAC Gas prices are up 30 cents this month rising 21 days in a row Don't worry - has a solution--ALGAE! Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and a great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax (cont) will be on today at 11am ET discussing #celebapprentice &amp; her skin care collection. Tune in! emergency has put a new spin on Team Power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet. #CelebApprentice "A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion" via There is no comparison between and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands... "The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont) Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with to warn that we are viewed as "in decline" Excited to have endorsement of the debate. Sarah is terrific. No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players! The article "Shakedown Schneiderman" about NY State lightweight is amazing. No investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless Vattenfall pit. They totally gave up Thanks Jake. Another must read from Jeffrey Lord “Rove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOP” We must keep the pressure on administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China. Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates is bankrupting this country! How is editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon! Check out my interview on Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont) "Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) He wrote a great piece on China criticized him (cont) He is caught on tape making election promises to on missile defense and national security Once again proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont) Thanks enjoy. China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy! Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA: Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9% The economy is in deep trouble. #timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book "Time To Get Tough".....watch the #trumpvlog--- did a horrible job for Mitt—is a refund in order? Sadly Stuart is a disaster! The talk in Albany is that JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont) With earlier today at press conference in “Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans” via Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook? - Become a fan today! Via “Donald Ivanka Trump say DC’s Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of country’s finest hotels” I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at And best shirts &amp; ties The administration now claims to have done "everything" to reduce gas prices What about Keystone? Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man! "Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Don’t hire via by Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park? Go check your facts. Back by popular demand TV personality returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' Marilu does great! My #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates the real state of unemployment &amp; bias media I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send a message. China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us what to do---much like a strong stockh… (cont) Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. has a beautiful family. Take a look at and to see these beautiful hotels. interview re: North Korea firing job report debut &amp; Wrong totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck! just finished being on any standard she was great! Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission gave vague directions. Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the All-Star Game. Are you making less than minimum wage don't worry the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be. Newly minted diplomat is a completely different competitor in All-Star Dennis is a legend! You're nuts go get a job. and as PM’s- I’m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice Now the campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! #trumpvlog The Republicans must act now don't let push you around.... RT Get ready fans! promises plenty of mean and nasty action.. China is getting minerals from Afghanistan We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't. Time to get out. Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) “George has a real twinkle about him” says Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice Thank you. The #CelebApprentice post Will it ever be the same? Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully he will win! The 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City- "A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough Via by Courtney Coren: "Trump: China Gets Iraq Oil; US Gets Nothing" He wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban. The Taliban out negotiates him! Happy Birthday! "The fact is you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA The 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC. returns in All-Star 2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific! Congratulations to Bret Michaels the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion all of us were happy to see him and to see him win! Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ Th… Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned The best way to do it is by voting out "You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods people will eventually catch on." - The Art of the Deal The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in. I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it'… (cont) The signature restaurant of is both Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave. Congratulations to the on bringing the series home last night. Does anyone believe that did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet? Lightweight is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at! feels he’s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy China really has our number Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more... My interview discussing why is a great nominee gas prices and why George Will is a loser. Really solid playing--keep going! Stop "The China Curse" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill! Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes trillions. The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid has "asked" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis? Crude keeps rising during the dow… (cont) Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. This is not a go… (cont) RT The Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort #Hawaii I'm right TPM is wrong - did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont) Via “Trump to Speak at CPAC” #CPAC13 Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed Via "Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent" is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already… #CelebApprentice #SuperBowl Vote for me and What controversy? 2 'active' supporters at Bain have confirmed that left in '99 No story here. is impressing the All Star Celebrity viewers with her continued success on Team Power. The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great If "The Art of the Deal" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough" is my opus. It is available Dec 5th! Great evening with the &amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowd—thank you! Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go. With unempoyment over 10% in 2009 held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people! The new job figures don't include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs. "The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) It was just announced that won’t be going to mornings on CNN. just made a wise decision. The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522000 more people are out of the labor force to 88419000. Interesting article by “WHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONG” The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal. Military cuts will now come along with tax increases. The lightweight used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad! Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald. China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder. Remember how did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits How foolish did look yesterday trying to rationalize why accepts donations from Bain? "Instead of creating new jobs Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come since the truly (cont) In 2008 warned that "electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket" during his term. Mission Accomplished! Thanks and Happy Holidays. Bad news for reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont) It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear. "Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action." #TimeToGetTough - Wow - "Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC" Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever. Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season! Everyone loves here she is with and me. Via “Donald Trump's Blackdog victory” This Sunday's will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on this Sunday at 9PM EST! One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time in particular its very ugly "skin." I will be doing at 7:30. Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- …al-Megrahi was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie Scotland. #trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog... A good friend: More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont) Thanks to a great woman for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant. I loved Walter Cronkite one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is “experimental” &amp; has no track record delivering energy. is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do "the right thing" &amp; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont) #sweepstweet wins $100000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift. Hey Oh I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on Central. President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about "the first African-American president of the (cont) For accurate reporting of my speech read #BARACKTAX QUOTE: "If you have health insurance you're not getting hit with a tax." "Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'" via Via "Donald Trump warns of ‘dangerous precedent’ in Cyprus bank skimming" "Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate." -- The Art of the Deal The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well. He handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial. Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice! Via "Donald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in Courts" renovations are revitalizing Miami. The new course will be a great challenge Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me. Made a mistake but will recover. That's because I know him-he's a lowlife! My interview last night on -- "On 2012: I'll Wait and See" Via "The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood" by We need a President who understands the economy - has US unemployment at 8.2% in July up from 8% in June Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - "David Beckham was one of the first along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump." survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking... Must read article by Jeffrey Lord: “The Ruling Class Liberty Medal” For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold “Expand your life every day.” –Donald J. Trump don’t worry my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate! South African Tourism North America will unveil its new ad campaign “What’s Your BIG 5?” on All-Star this Sunday. My interview re: firing on the premiere of All-Star &amp; politics Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship! Watch You've Got Donald Trump at On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with via Flashback: "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod" via 10.17.12 I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. “We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. He’s also (cont) Pathetic: did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat Less than ten days until I keynote Leadership Summit. Tix going I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back. The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season! Ron DeSantis Iraq vet Navy hero bronze star Yale Harvard Law running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive. "He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) Hi John Via "Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan) draws record-breaking crowd" spent $400M in 2012 &amp; didn’t win a single race Thousands of US warplanes ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China leaving them open (cont) Under the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. Watch Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at featuring and Via "Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice'" RT WHAT?! is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became like a hundred times more awesome! You've got it mixed up. Chechnya is not the Czech Republic. "Trading Shots with Donald Trump"--a great article in the Wall Street ...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great! #MidasTouch is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus- P.S. Your brother is doing very well on he stated he "adores you." doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen. On the whole the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet. Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending. Check out my new book "Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again" Watch the WH spokesman try to spin rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast &amp; Furious Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month. They don't want us what (cont) "Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' " the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie… "The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation." #TimeToGetTough Actually I like you! After years of long stops then starts why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. "this case is going awaywe have no case Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. policies have created a climate (cont) Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's "in your face" because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under then real unemployment (cont) "thilan_GolfSwag Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job!" Thanks. Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused? Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with while hosting the 25th anniversary of his show Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy. See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about “ongoing investigations." Wilson! The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now! Be passionate about your work focus and never give up. Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog.... Call today on at 5 PM EST say hello and buy buy buy! wishes speeches could create jobs. His job is costing America all of ours. Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation. What a statesman! made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) Celebrate 2013 with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: Via "Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'" Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April opening—great news... trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment. The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing. "Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) My interview last night on discussing OWS and incompetent leadership. Are people really afraid of Would you be? #CelebApprentice A "Lion's List" of Democrats are not attending DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud. Who would have thought that an champion would return to compete? returns to All-Star I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. RT You'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck. "I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But is our nation's answer." Thanks. Pay attention study more than what is required keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck. All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's "World's Best Awards 2011" ..... Glad to hear that has put some strong anti-China referendums in the convention platform. Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont) Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed. Via to speak at Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney "George" (Mitt's father). Sadly time is up for Tom. "For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs. My interview from yesterday Just a few days until I keynote at Leadership Summit in Iowa Very exciting I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to 's advice on how to do a deal." NY Jets center Nick Mangold interns for Trump. Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golf tonight 9PM ET on Golf Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich powerful and beautiful. It's your summer must-read. is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty who reveals her great skin care collection. CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early! Happy Valentine's Day! int. on gov. collecting data whistle blower hiding in China &amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant America's competitors love says has been "the best 3 years" for Russia The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to? Doing the with was great- I really like Matt. Via “Donald Trump Rory McIlroy and Matt Kuchar are guys to watch at Thanks. The WGC leadership board is available here: Via by Cindy W. Hodnett: “Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture” Via by “U.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel” "The Donald Goes to CPAC: TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of America" by Don't believe whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC "The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) "While is obsessed with 'green collar jobs' blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) "In this book our second together we share what gives us the Midas Touch the ability to turn things we touch (cont) Via "Trump’s links getting green" Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont) I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night. I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show. Amazing… tried to destroy Aberdeen. Trump Trashes On Twitter:You're A 'Dummy' &amp; 'Were Born Stupid'" Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said “children should not get vaccinated.” I believe fully (cont) I am very proud of performance in the record 13th season of All-Star Watch. Via Via "Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee" New York Times Apologizes to Donald TrumpA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont) My interview with on on behalf of discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. is ranked the top course in the West If you're in the area book a round today. My appearance this morning on Good Morning Personally I think Douglas Durst’s brother got screwed by Douglas—no wonder he’s angry! See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities "What's incredible is that hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity Make sure watches! Next year should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents’ dinner. The only problem is that... . is one of the top media outlets in the country. has revolutionized political commentary and reporting. Welcome to the recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3% Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words! The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available offers the finest style in menswear #trumpvlog dismal record in today's video blog.... I guess they don’t have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont) I bet the dumbest political commentator on television will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter? Due to popular demand CNN will re-broadcast the Larry King Live show I hosted in June in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5 9 pm CNN Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto 4 p.m. on FOX News. Reporter should resign---- Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots. My interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field TV’s darling is back in this year’s “All-Star” Marilu is a fierce competitor. RT My two favorite billionaires! Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video.... The radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC Excited to be keynoting Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow Dec 9th in Trump Tower from 11 a.m. to … (cont) I'll be speaking on Thursday April 12 at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) Catch me on Fox News right now my interview with Neil Cavuto "I've got news for President America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) "The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'" #TimeToGet Tough Why gas prices will rise Miss Canada/Miss Universe and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... Friends in NY-9 let know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of Vote for tomorrow! I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one. Too bad did not allow her interview with to go on another few minutes…would have been interesting… My interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on at 1 a.m. So proud of her! The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice Thank you Dennis. Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) RT This time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont) Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm i… (cont) Hi Erica...and thanks. &amp; are hosting Trump 2013 Pageant in Moscow. They will be terrific! My interview with discussing the debate #TimeToGetTough the GOP and the economy Amazing--playing with an ankle injury Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont) Via TheScotsman: “Donald Trump to lay out new golf course plan” I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset this past Friday in Trump Tower #Israel Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit And transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it! Great article in - the original apprentice" The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for won the evening. Thank you Donald. "Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) Wrong Policy: wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. Happy Birthday! "Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess as it inevitably will." #TimeToGetTough You are doing a great job Heather! Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta! Dopey the most overrated political pundit in the business continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. True and thanks. "Sleepy" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert. I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee a fine American My Super Bowl commercial which aired during the third quarter. Watch spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago "So I speak badly of China but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont) Once again speech at yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing (cont) Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new book in Trump Tower from 11 a.m… (cont) My interview on discussing the convention sealed records &amp; real estate advice The 18th hole at the Blue Monster in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states. had no answers at demonstration last night. It’s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it. My interview w/ on discussing bangs &amp; All-Star Looking forward to keynoting Leadership Summit. Tickets selling out He is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party What about the Occupy Wall Street groups? Thanks great. Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup! Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly Thanks Tylar Obama put up nothing zilch! Glad to hear that will be speaking at the Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor! Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY). Flashback: "Donald Trump: $200M plan for Doral" via Trump Doral's is one week away! He is out of real job bill is nothing more than a tax increase. "While China screws us with every turn of its currency is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face (cont) I don't go away! Via Trump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame" With gas prices rising and the economy failing seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B ...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run. Pursue it starting today. "Action is the foundational key to all success."Pablo Picasso Here's what I told on when it comes to singer inappropriate attacks on Via by Lauren Odomirok: "Trump Norman play renovated golf course" ...You have little persona but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you! I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new "Success" Herald Square April 18 5:30pm first (cont) Stay tuned! Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR. Via "Palin Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC" by On that I would beat almost everyone! Via "Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1000 Scholarship &amp; Meet Donald Trump" There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation ... McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific! Via "Donald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'" by Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... Just left the best golf course in the State of California- When in the LA area check it out even (cont) My interview discussing Jamie Dimon banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: bashes rich people an… (cont) I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM don't miss it. I was speaking with Don Imus this morning.... Happy Birthday I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time If I hadn't gotten involved it would still be unused. The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) "We need a dealmaker in the White House who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont) Never said it a total misquote. Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo but Beijing. NEW TV AD "Dream" - For these small businesses hope and change was not so kind: #tcot Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice Via WSOC_TV: “Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures” Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. Watch FoxNews’ &amp; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit "Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November."-- cover "The Trump Effect" In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by #CelebApprentice My interview last night with played great audio from my press conference on her radio show. Glad she made it! Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog... Via “Trump’s $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval” " True. I read it - great book Mr. Trump." Thanks. "Look when it comes to China America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive gullible foolish (cont) Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" from 11 am to 2 pm. Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster. When the Super Committee fails will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan. Great article by Chris Ruddy and Jackie's Example" I'll be on Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in! UN address was a strong statement to the world that will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons. "I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience." Many countries are cutting back big time on ugly industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont) My interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to and the job report "It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone."#TimeToGetTough Via “Trump: ‘The Most Over-rated Man in Politics’” SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what promised -- over $1.76 -- and result (cont) We're all proud of for being on 30 Under 30 list. I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM. as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice! Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel We need to use our own energy resources. claims that all his choices were "the right ones." I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree. Via project will boast 800 hotel rooms” $250M renovation on 800 acres in sunny Miami. The habitual vacationer: has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… (cont) Hey cummings you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on My interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings statement &amp; policies You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the… (cont) First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on "compassionate grounds." Do you believe? WRONG: A China court ordered to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004 I guess he only likes spending our money. Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing! FM of Scotland spent more than $750000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly. "While Obama is obsessed with "green collar jobs" blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) Thank you-work hard and good luck. Congratulations to Billy Payne and on doing the right thing. Via "TRUMP TO REPUBLICANS: 'PLAY THE DEBT CEILING CARD'" by Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly. Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours. endorsement of shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat The dying circulation has “dropped” &amp; its newsstand sales have “plummeted by 20.1 percent” "For a country like China being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont) #SuccessByTrump Here’s a photo from my appearance at Herald Square with Verlander is great but very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high Where's the recovery? Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal! He said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) My interview on discussing "The China Curse" Just finished speaking in Sydney Australia in front of 20000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anot… (cont) Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record. could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. ginrnnr2 ...is China economy in a "bubble"?" Only if we want it to be! I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is! Via "Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do?" Answer: Something major! My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo Via "Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom" My interview discussing the Convention businesses making products in China and unemployment Via "Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention" It's true just wait and see... What apology didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced? I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM... I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks! 51% of NH voters are satisfied with as president So is Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of #celebrityapprenticefinale While the look like they quit and are finished they won't quit for CC Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to "negative." Why? failure to lead with the Super Committee. SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that "Tourism jump is thanks to Trump." 8000 visitors in one month from 20 countries My interview with discussing mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. “ACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013” via I was on this morning ??? held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) Via "DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC" by Be sure to watch my interview on tonight! An excerpt of my interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party My interview on with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough meeting and the 2012 election My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how can win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days "...these days...we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking." –BarnesandNoble.com Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon has received many 4 star reviews. My interview duscussing my meeting with the debate and #TimeToGetTough Tea. Thanks Sonny! "Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation." The Art of the Deal Via by Hannah Sampson: “BLT Prime coming to Trump’s Doral resort” Mar-a-Lago my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont) Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... Thanks Vincent! Via Ratings Sunday 'Family Guy' &amp; 'The Simpsons' Down 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Up” has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40000 to Michael’s charity the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box My in… (cont) ... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. Championship We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery. You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up. Thank you! He is now losing in the latest to in Pennsylvania Rick is wasting everyone's time. Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News. Scenes from last night's episode of where and I visit the OCC HQ Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's show On the Record which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m. My interview. Thanks. Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats. never showed up to help them even though he (cont) The Republicans should use everything against as is going to use everything (cont) Looks like is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for I will be on the tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned! You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times. Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope." Wrong on Barron! My interview with discussing #TimeToGetTough my 2012 plans and Iraq Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) My interview with in her special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' Thank you but we are dealing with many very stupid people! "Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery" via My interview yesterday from Newsmax - "Obama Is 'Now Totally Lost' Boehner Must Not Fold" The will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal. You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the "New" Blue Monster True and thanks! Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode Hi Justin. Thanks. They are total losers. sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like (and many others). "Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that can have his socialized medicine program (cont) isn’t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice Watch me on the tonight at 9pm. More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog… My interview on discussing dirty tactics &amp; how should respond is so inept that I think he simply made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad. Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen Scotland Via "Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi" Cute boy nice. Bob Tyrrell you--and also for the great work you do. Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for giving AAA (cont) Matt you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk no substance! Via "Donald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans not his ‘local friends’" by I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. Why is the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation? My interview on discussing why will defeat with a strong campaign. Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry" tonight live from 9-10 pm on QVC My interview discussing the convention sealed records &amp; tax Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 9 pm on NBC. The fireworks Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining Shock--even more solar corruption. chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. Via “Donald Trump to Be Inducted into WWE Hall of Fame” Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him. My interview yesterday with where I discuss Dick Cheney and China He would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying! My interview re: Europe's financial mess investing in Spain Germany's economy and the future of the Euro Please support our #AutismMayDay campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autism RT" Dopey nobody is laughing at me! The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need go to NBC.com/casting. Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well. Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class but will soon be The Best. Looking forward to addressing 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th My interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant live on Sunday night at 9 pm ET on NBC. And you can vote for your favorite beauty! Via “Trump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf course” My interview with discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church. "Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair balanced and informative." Vattenfall the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen Scotland is having serious financial difficulty. Unlike you stupid I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int. RT Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America via The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal. I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) My interview discussing misleading political ad response and &amp; Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series "Mister (cont) Via "Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform" by Not even close dopey! #CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from and adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet Dan because I love beating lowlifes! insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision.. "So I speak badly of China but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont) Olympic Gold Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion. I don't he makes me money! #BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening now looking forward to the "America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont) Why gas prices will cost re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama Failure--for all of talk of "engaging the world" U.S. favorability has dropped around the world Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates The US manufacturing sector is being (cont) Dopey I never filed for bankruptcy. My interview discussing today's primary contests lead and my stock picks The - Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development" Via "Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling" Today both and are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) economic gloom: jobless claims have surged while factory activity is (cont) Thanks Tyler. take on seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice My interview from last night with discussing yesterday's meeting with The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday March 14th at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet see you then! Our new Miss USA Alyssa Campanella came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder. Via "Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece" interview with discussing the economy and politics is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views I commend for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks. lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy. ... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location! Sorry banks when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks he started going after banks—but years too late! "Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) "Trump: Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country'" Wrong--he started it I finished it! ... among ABC CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults.... Carl keep lt going I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung) I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing boring abd totally biased New York "Ragazine"-SAVE YOUR MONEY! True and thank you. Keep your focus and never give up. "In terms of energy we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont) Shout out = work hard! From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline. has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high? Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th. More people attend a rally than watch on all week. is very lonely. (cont) Last night's 's interview by of gorgeous 2012 Great job! Help fund new show ‘American Made’ on John is on today re project. From: Public not Worried About Tax Returns" Make sure to grab your copy of this month's detailing "The Trump Effect" Best 2013 Golf Courses: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor great magazine—thanks! A special message to the staff of in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... "Thanks to Donald Trump" via My pleasure Jeffrey! He ruins the brand: doesn't belong on As CM for Mondale in '84 you lost 49 states. Sad! Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather. The Patch a total loser for will be a good deal compared to laughs at “stupid” Armstrong! "CNBC Titans: Donald Trump " will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and 11/24 at 7 pm Fantastic food--thanks. The Golf Invitational featuring a performance by was a great event. Enjoy the video.... Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years China is eroding the US manufacturing sector. NIELSEN RATINGS: 2.52 viewers 6 SHR1.91RTG .55 25-54 2.24 total viewers 5 SHR1.61RTG .47 25-54 My friend Ronald Kessler explains in that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes “If you don't have problems you're pretending or you don't run your own business.” –Donald J. Trump Snowboarder/Skateboarder stopped by to visit this Matt how many club championships have you won? I hear zero or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot? It’s a shame to hear that the is failing. No one wants the paper even if it is being handed out for free. Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE LIKE OUR COUNTRY IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight. RT im proud to be scottish but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills My interview discussing the GOP primary gas prices the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. A clip from where I take audience on the Katie Coach The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude They always play this game (cont) Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea. Very cute! He is a professional and true gentleman: is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice. Via "Trump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building" Via by “Trump Power” In today's #trumpvlog the Secret Service and Dick Clark..... Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads even before she thought seriously about running... I hope is recuperating well in LA. Get better! Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury NY from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there. My interview with discussing this season's #TimeToGetTough the economy and GOP primary. He promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place. Jeffrey Lord you for the presentation—terrific job! My interview discussing the acquisition of and the timing of plan VOTE 4 &amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401 Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest. Pictures of and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City We loved the movie! Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the show here EST. Thanks Monique! Thanks. Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy! Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope was fabulous. Big money raised for charity Dee Dee-- Great seeing you You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop. A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... #trumpvlog With our amazing All Star cast &amp; are also returning as boardroom advisors. Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 "Melania Timepieces & (cont) My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her you can see her again tonight on at 7 pm ET hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns. My interview discussing comments attacks on and &amp; low ratings ratings are so pathetic she even loses to at 7PM which is replay of 5PM I never went bankrupt. Today is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM. Tune in! Last night in his SOTU claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that. Via "Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine" Congrats Thanks Jarred. The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve. Chris Ruddy is always on point: "Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'" via What a series the is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one. Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York Trump Soho New York Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago... Mitt's got it right: attacks on pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish. RT Thanks! RT You guys have one hell of a leaderboard. Love this Tournament. Via "Trump to Sequester Cuts Don’t Go Far Enough’" Via "Donald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf Resort &amp; Spa" Charlie sounds good to me! Michele Bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman! This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman Tonight despite everything put A-Rod in the lineup. Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity. has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m. Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom. A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough easy to order on Amazon I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic! Thanks Patti I hope they vote A segment from last night's interview discussing and fighting fire with fire in a campaign Via "Images of Donald Trump’s 2nd North-east golf course released: Public have say on images" "The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate and his big spending allies in (cont) and discussing my case on Not even a little bit--thanks. "To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont) #sweepstweet and have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from? Tell your aunt she is terrific! Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in That's a speech everyone would watch. ...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk. Not really! My interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument gas prices & new clothing line More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down $3.6T budget (cont) Thanks Helen Excited that Kremer has endorsed the debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group. Your performance was great last night--BQ will win. Vanity Fair Magazine which used to be one of my favorites is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right. budget is a "nervous breakdown on "To the administration saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont) Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) It's wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) #badratings show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv..... Playing politics with the Keystone decision? vetos 20000 jobs and cheaper oil. Work hard and thanks. Via Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum" Irony! was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. It was great seeing and yesterday- doesn’t like cliché line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprentice The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hat… (cont) Only "one of"-- but thanks! Via "Trump at CPAC: What Really Happened " Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter like Kingsbarns and others--too cold. He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launchhis radio show with me tomorrow 6PM A lot of comments re vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. - I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral! Thanks! #CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet Hi Evelina. Now wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) He wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime Everyone loves TV’s darling But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing golf VP choices the real estate market & healthcare reform David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow every time I look I can't help thinking of (cont) My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough the GOP primary and the debate Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines! Thanks what a mess. The final two- and visited yesterday- Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity followed by new episode at 10 PM. My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election OPEC ripping us off &amp; job policy If you love what you're doing motivation is never a problem. Thanks Ian. He should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont) #CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with He’s become a star. #sweepstweet My interview with discussing the 2012 election and the debate Great being on your show--see you soon! Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protests It's time for the protesters to go home. Tina Brown could finally be over. is a total failure. She just got fired great! "Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) Look at the solution not the problem--and never give up. Good idea. He is a loser who will self-destruct just like delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013. Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China. - More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and "Double Trump" plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes: Via "Trump to speak to GOP" #SweepsTweet might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for Via "Donald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water" The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good! The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? Gallup poll proves that regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring SHOCK! won’t approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont) "Ultimately Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it I live in it and I have a (cont) "Trump organisation backs community battle against substation" via He gets the China problem why don't the others? "Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact." --Donald J. Trump Via "Trump empire planning to build a presence in Sydney" Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation. Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo Orianthi John Legend and The Roots. They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys? --Work has begun ahead of schedule to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland. It’s been great making so many new friends at Trump for the Good luck to everyone! The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ features the return of the beautiful The fans love her! My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country. My interview discussing economic failures attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. Citizen Kane Gone with the Wind The Good the Bad and the Ugly etc. "When the achiever achieves it's not a plateau it’s a beginning." --Donald J. Trump Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show On the Record tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour. have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly bird killing and very ugly wind turbines dotting Scotland. Always enjoy appearing on &amp; were terrific yesterday. "China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont) In retrospect I agree with you. Thanks Heather and you do a great job on FOX! Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down. I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series. The architectural boat tour is great. I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC tries so hard to be a star. But he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will. Thanks Kat! One of the many reasons that dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call. The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards. Thank you. Now is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November George Will was pushing for for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) My interview yesterday with discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary Now is praising China's "cooperation" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng This is a sad episode for us. Great thanks. The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept.26 2011: "On MSNBC meanwhile Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100000 viewers (cont) My interview discussing #WHCD lowering tax rates Republic of Georgia &amp; (cont) This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon! The Celebrity Apprentice Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great A clip of my upcoming interview with discussing #TimeToGetTough and the Islamist winter My interview with discussing the national housing market unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... Keystone: MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill. Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... He is bad but is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself. What are the dates for the hotel stay? Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car. Congratulations to the on taking a 2-1 lead over the Great game last night! He should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable Due to popular demand returns to the 13th season of All-Star Lisa's fans won't be disappointed! My interview with discussing my endorsement of and how I came to my decision Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on full hour. won before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting. The NYPost reports Magazine dropped 18% to only 283938 newsstand copies sold." Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse! Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York---winner of the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics TV &amp; even real (cont) The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic. The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. This is economic recovery. A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with (cont) Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun! You will love it! Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland! Now is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well. Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here: I always enjoy being interivewed on by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show. Wow numbers are really looking bad at New York Magazine. While very boring it is also very biased. Too bad was once great! I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford (cont) True. "Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice'" via "Donald Trump: ‘Monkey business’ on jobs" via My interview discussing the Super Bowl the real unemployment numbers Iran and (cont) No his ignorance! "What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is consider the diverse audience that perh… (cont) My interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also Sadly Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine. did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates. will be the In January '12 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... TRUMP TUESDAY tomorrow at 7:30 am Tune in! She was great! The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates (cont) English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines. Thanks! RT I live in Aberdeenshire &amp; I'm with you you have made a big difference to that bit (cont) American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference diplomatic initiative?!?! "Trump’s Menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year" via Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great After Super Tuesday every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination. My interview with where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. Another green car loan recipient is laying off staff. How many billions of our money has he wasted? Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. has 5 fundraisers in 2 My thoughts on in today's #trumpvlog.... U.S.A. is not rich owes 17 trillion dollars. Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! I'll be on Monday at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in. Via “Donald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle” Great going! Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice. Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the Championship on March 6th-10th... .... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league Nice mention by Brian Kelly Conservative Action Alerts My int. with on my Iowa speech 2016 &amp; Benghazi "Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont) #trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... Is Roger Simon ever right about anything? Now he's attacking in defense of (cont) Mostly my father. Keystone must be approved through Congress. is costing America over 20000 jobs and driving the price of gas high. Thanks. Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry" collection... According to the War on Terror is over global warming is a national (cont) My interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3 college records &amp; 2012 election And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing! Great piece - What I've Learned' My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how has to get tough real unemployment &amp; bias press A total lightweight: continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) You really sound like a loser no-name! Grand Deluxe Suites = Chicago’s most spacious hotel rooms each w/ 10 ft floor to ceiling windows The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone! Great place- thanks! Thanks Colleen! Nice interview in the Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going. Enjoyed watching $ special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont) That is something to think about isn't it! Trump Tuesday: I'll be on tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in. Via Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity. Why should he? He's only the POTUS--and has "no opinion" on whether the Senate should pass a budget. Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed lies. -- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman: Via "Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events" I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS. Via by Ann-Marie Parry: "Plans revealed for course named after Trump’s mother" Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet I'll be tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday My interview on discussing why debt commission should be discussed in debates &amp; convention is right. We need to create more taxpayers not more taxes. CUT CAP AND BALANCE. How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away... My interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and electability The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid! Recognize the opportunity focus on it and don't give up. Luck is often earned. "Best of 2013": Donald Trump at Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisure’s 2012 World’s Best Awards Survey “Faldo to rework two Doral courses” via Great news! Thanks. To the “news bigs” -- elevate Dianne Gallagher immediately—she is terrific! Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville VA for a press conference and the grand opening. I never went bankrupt. The Trump Doral's is Florida’s premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here: FLASHBACK: “Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber” ... was great on last night. Roger and Larry are good friends! Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) Have a great time-happy birthday! Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog. #sweepstweet definitely fell under negotiation skills—an important business tool. U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs. Mimi--perhaps because they are losers. He knows he won't have to spend much: has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar. Just did an interview with my friend Congratulations to Mark on his new show on My interview from yesterday with discussing the economy my trip to Australia (cont) "Statesman of the Year" in Sarasota FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout. The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump Quickly. at is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky &amp; hack. I'll be on at 7:30 AM Monday Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show. Good is now leading in North Carolina according to The NC GOP is united after their (cont) The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now. We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland. Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National Jupiter. Thanks--has been great for Scotland. I agree! Thank you. The Ultimate Merger: "Beyond simple justice and beyond reducing our national debt another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont) now says that he is an "underdog in 2012." America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate. Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter who only cares about his bad food restaurants My interview with where I explain that gas is headed to $5 $6 and why can't win He received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over (cont) has topped Carbon Data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EU’s emissions trading scheme. If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. re debate. I'll be on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in. Today. I often ask that question myself. A great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing! The key word is "yet." Keep at it never give up. My new book "Time To Get Tough" will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The bes… (cont) RT TRUMP STUMPS... V.P.....really! Want to take a quiz with me? Download the app and watch on Monday at 8/7c on Great decision by Donald Graham to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall. Happy to hear that Faith and Freedom chapters are at the convention supporting We must be united to win! Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami. The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1000000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler Hopefully the can get the message. "F.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful -Midas Touch (this is a great read)" Thanks. National Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love' Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip RT Personally I think it is awesome that listens to on the radio. She's awesome. Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not. Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) Reporter is one boring and low vision guy! I notice thanks Genall! Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for. Thanks. My appearance on from today.... - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor! My interview w/ Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel Washington D.C. Sorry Graydon Carter is a major loser just ask his wife! Hater Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life! I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video... Olivia=a total winner! took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol… (cont) "Cant wait to hear what has to say about Obama's speech tonight!"I'll be tweeting during speech #CelebApprentice contestants and joined me for interviews today- The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work! Because they are either jealous or losers (or both). Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. Thanks Raul. #sweepstweet I very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont) Thanks Jessica. --From Donald Trump: "Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular and they make a beautiful couple. I’m a very proud father." Good subject good luck! has great campaigns. Support one today My interview with discussing how is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. My interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo the job numbers and thinks is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 a.m. Always a great time. My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm. When you get bored with others you'll be back (and don't hurry). re: my Scottish course “Quite simply this is not the best new links course in the UK it is the best links course full stop" Mark your calenders for August 23rd: They devalue everything stupid! Via “Awards for Trump’s golf course” Watch what happens dummy--it won't be pretty. Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: "I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) My interview with where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser. Via by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump: America’s Entrepreneur” Wow--thank you to Jeffrey Lord &amp; 2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner and interviewed the final four in this week's episode- judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprentice Work hard! Thanks Mark they will! Work hard focus be persistent and think smart. Photo of and me from yesterday's interview... Follow Trump WGC leadership board here at My interview from Friday where I predicted that in South Carolina would change the Thank you. Happy birthday! Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM. Tune in! Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) Thanks. Watch as I humiliate a dais full of "talent." #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central Yes we can oh foolish one terrorists should not have the right to remain silent! Receiving Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing debut on Jan.19 Why is pursuing environment destroying windmills when quit because of no (cont) Bob Beckel a commentator for FOX is bad for the brand: is close to incompetent. If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat then they should read #TimeToGetTough. Thanks. Behind the scenes photo of and I filming an interview- Watch tonight at 10PM ET on My interview w/ re: &amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!" Sir Nick is not only a great player he is a great guy -and by the way doing a fantastic job for CBS! "In love with The best book that i ever read ! "why we want you to be rich" and Robert kiyosaki" "The damage that Democrats weak Repubicans and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont) Via "Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland" Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy and he has my vote! #EvanForSI Via "Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral" by "America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) ...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. Watch me on tonight at 9PM ET on Iowa Congressman has endorsed the debate. He has been doing great work in the House. "Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs has been a total (cont) Santorum calls Trump debate skippers "hypocrites" Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on tonight. Dennis--you were great--thanks! British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills. Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck! If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) Important editorial by John Faso in “Spitzer’s reckless leadership” Wouldn't you agree that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs?" Yes. I agree. keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) A total professional. Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment? My interview from this morning Via “Trump reveals routing for second course in Scotland” You are probably correct I am too honest to be a good politician! Thanks Christian and good luck. Thanks Melanie. Thanks. Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM March 3rd. For last minute shopping my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great Thomas you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today! The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. Sad! The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! He brought them on himself! Thanks. I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough has increased the EPA budget by over 150%. The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs. It sends jobs overseas. Thanks Dan. Thanks! Thanks. Vote for Mar-a-Lago- I was never a fan or defender of Bush. I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in! Re: Ashley Judd: Keep away. He already made her a viable candidate. Only in your weak mind! Thank you. I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. Toledo is a great place--I've been there &amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio. Yes. Thanks and good luck. Debt Ceiling- "Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal." The healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options The perfect remedy! Bob Turner--great guy great businessman will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win. My interview discussing new baby my acceptance of $5M offer &amp; hiring Hopefully this answers your question... #trumpvlog The Art of the Deal is a good introduction. Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there. Very good Joel! True and thanks! My interview discussing comments a united 2012 GOP #CelebApprentice &amp; Trump#Miss Universe "Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) True! Thanks! The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair balanced and informative. Thanks. 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting! Now Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat Wrong course of action. Okay thanks. Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. The Art of the Deal is a good start. Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing -- is our friend and ally. My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends -- "GOP Crazy If They Don't Get Everything They Want" "Before Kids Can Go Places They Need a Place To Go" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League an organization I'm very proud to support My interview discussing Jamie Dimon the Doral Miami purchase OPEC's output &amp; Open True and thank you. Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!" Interesting! Lines for my address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013 Find out what Success smells like. I'll be Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) Message for House GOP "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." - The Art of the Deal. You are correct Eliana! You’re hired! The ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me & #CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice. Thanks Dan. Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget! Can and continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sunday’s Celebrity All-Star Thanks! My interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election Trump real estate projects &amp; our airports A great interview of in the globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over' will rein in the Chinese. Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont) He ruins the brand: doesn't belong on . As CM for Mondale in '84 you lost 49 states. Sad! My interview with from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square Thanks. Good point yes! you have my vote! ★★★★★" Thanks. I was on a tele-townhall with and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the debate. No loyalty. My interview w/ discussing her debut on &amp; her skin care line Great - call me we'll get you on! My interview with discussing the debate #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race Thank you. Yes. Yes she is very tall--5'10" You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett Kravis Icahn Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell. I hearby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. "It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated." #TimeToGetTough (cont) Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks! Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup! Thank you! I see poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job. Happy Birthday! Sadly true! Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? is (cont) Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense! Love what you do! My finances have been totally filed dummy! To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will" True! Yes. My interview discussing #WHCD my Scotland property &amp; using Bin Laden's death America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: success in the private sector is a tremendous asset. #noratings will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio. Who's your or ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! My interview with discussing #WHCD and my endorsement of Re: CPAC “The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trump’s address something his operative said he planned to do... The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show. It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read! Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way. George Will was critical of throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) Winning! Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open- My interview with discussing electability and Senate loss. My interview discussing OPEC US gas resources and running a campaign against Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place visiting over 200 sites and this is absolutely the right place! for president - it's reality he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes Thanks. #trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?" No respect for U.S. by Russia. Thank you! March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC I fully understand that side of the argument. This is good news: is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to Keep dreaming! Tonight I trade places with Larry King and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips. Thanks! I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower. Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... ... than his destruction of Scotland’s magnificent I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland. Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that "we're in the problem solving business." So true! Via "La Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump" - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now it won't last long! "If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field we could easily (cont) GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year. It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there! Thanks--and Happy New Year to you. And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... Read this about A clip from my interview with discussing the cast of Season 5 Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight 9pm (EST) on NBC: Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a changing market. please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect" Thanks. "The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious and that's to control Obama-style (cont) My interview with of discussing #TimeToGetTough GOP primary and my 2012 options to in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me "Really Conservative" I want him to do a great job but he can't. You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon! Not recent long term support for the autism community. My interview yesterday with The Art of the Deal. . interview discussing a budget deal my #CPAC2013 speech &amp; firing Whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! Wilson--but he probably won't get it. Via Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC" by Great seeing you David! Yes Regis is the best! Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months not two months! See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- This morning played some of the video I filmed for the Tampa Convention Remember the huge amount of money raised by and company… #sweepstweet Enter the stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas and who I like are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together! My #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3 leaked comments Middle East &amp; US oil capability - Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book The Trump Card: Work hard and smart! Thanks. RT: Polling shows the movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory... I never knew but thanks for the compliment! Watch my appearances on Good Day NY... and The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if tried them in NYC? The recession was made worse by A $900Billion deficit is not getting better. Sam you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram. "I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) Via by "Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland" I'll be on THe Willis Report today at 5 pm EST Great idea I will ask her! The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host live from Las Vegas Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too. Thanks Amelia! I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower. Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.… (cont) Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me ... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan North Ayrshire erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph Thanks Xena! Very nice question thank you Danny. Sugar if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won! US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list! On Sunday Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J' Could this be my newest apprentice? ...Enter the contest .. Appears that you are. He admits his presidency has been flawed...but claims economy is stronger. Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible he would be fired! Totally biased. The Art of the Deal is a good start. We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC. Interesting! Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with. Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?! How will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010 live from Las Vegas on May 16th 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show! I was on CNN last night with With respect to Iran we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) My interview discussing 2012 election polls current trip &amp; the US housing &amp; land market Thanks! My interview with explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation! My interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement taxes and the Florida primary. Wrong! I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak? My interview yesterday with Thanks! With the signature services of Trump Attaché brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki Thank you. Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast! Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite? www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta Who will be the next Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com #TeenUSA Not a bad idea--thanks! Thank you. Thanks--but they should get a life. The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful. Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the "Think Like A Champion" signed book/keychain contest! Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3 and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC. Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite? Yesterday China VP Xi stressed "the benefits of trade with China" to Congress We need FAIR TRADE with China! My interview in with discussing being awarded the 2012 "Statesman of the Year" by Sarasota GOP If you love what you're doing the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed. ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?" He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope! My interview with & discussing the debate and #TimeToGetTough Thanks. A long time ago thanks. Via "Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan my 19 year old son Logan is hoping you run in 2016. Me too!" Thank you Logan and Erin. I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you." Thanks Amy. A review of show great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland and more in today's #trumpvlog- My honor. Thanks Rob! #sweepstweet and were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back! Thank you-always a good thought. But I doubt it! should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump" They were great--thanks! Happy birthday! has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting. After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me in tears that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest! Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction! My interview discussing pick of how to frame Medicare debate &amp; convention Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM don't miss it! - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book" Thx. Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala! My discussing the discussing the cast Thank you. You will love it! Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not initially a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch. The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is today--and i… (cont) The premiere of "Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure! Thanks Ronan see you there! "a good 75% of 's tweets get favorited" Great! Interview w/ discussing my WH tour offer terrible ads &amp; Ashley Judd's candidacy Be concise. Thsnk you. My interview discussing the Republic of Georgia taxes the fledgling economy and Facebook Wow--that would certainly be interesting. Thanks Steve! Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms. Thanks Robert. Thanks good choice &amp; good luck. studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices Good goal. Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant Sunday May 16 on NBC 7 p.m. ET hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales. faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately is no friend of Israel. Good idea will create one. You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck. My interview with Don Imus on discussing my convention surprise &amp; China policy Great! Via "Trump course sparks international interest" Thanks. I create jobs! Great! Wrong! Thanks--Romney sadly did not resonate! I will! Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC. Thanks! Hi and thanks. Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant Sunday May 16 on NBC 7 p.m. ET hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas. like ugly bird killing wind turbines! Via "Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland" Thanks! &amp; Thanks Joe! Great interview in of He makes me proud. Perhaps but the Country is in really big trouble! I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it). Put this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice? That is not the reason. Pay attention and have fun. I win no contest! 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter Disaster! He will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring Rick Santorum making a strong point on the debate: is right--this election is about jobs But it is interesting that (cont) "The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure and they know they're not going to get (cont) My interview from this morning discussing the price of oil windfarmsDoral Hotel & Country Club and He had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion! I'll be signing copies of my new book tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm. Thanks. Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday 8/23 9pm (ET) on NBC: Great! Can’t wait for follow up piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview! China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid. True! The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in! Dopey I never went bankrupt. "Hey visited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel." Thanks! Excited that Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group. My #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone &amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike 2012 is a total joke--just like BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage! Watch tonight on his show Hannity Fox News at 9 pm. I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree… (cont) Countdown to as my former #Apprentice Andy and I talk about politics an… (cont) - Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out: If the great Si Newhouse were still running he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking. Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC Sunday 3/14 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet! For more information on tonight's two hour telethon 8 to 10 p.m.: No beautiful and really sweet and nice. Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions but may the best team win! always makes me proud That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific! Wow Andy such amazing writing and thought. Thank you! Thank you so much Adam! My interview with yesterday discussing by meeting with Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me! My interview with discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force Great good luck! Via “TRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPAC” by Interesting! Thanks Christine very nice! To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial click the following link and “Like” the page. remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy." Thank you Marlena. Good luck--work hard! Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city. Thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too. Thanks Chelsea--you are great! Thanks. WSJ covers Ride of Fame is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China. Thanks. Thanks Derek- and true! Thanks Thomas! Wow I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer it's really in bad shape! Thanks (I think)! Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st Thank you. Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2.. Thanks just really busy! Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message: Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower. Thanks Larry--and you too are truly one of a kind! Thank you! Today's open call drew thousands of eager applicants. It was an impressive group I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates! My interview with discussing the GOP primary my 2012 options and why must lose Thank you! Thanks! highest rated wine in VA uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN 9 p.m. I'll be the host Larry the guest. Good luck. The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea the sand dunes the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic. My father Fred C. Trump. Not even close! Many people have said that. I have just responded! Great! Thanks Davis. Thanks. A bite from last night's interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign It's real. Can you imagine if had passed Cap and Trade?! Energy costs would be double from already record highs. Via "Trump’s new course plans on display" will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides they smartly just left the project. Emily--true and thanks. Via "Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia" Blackdog Scotland started a petition against Thanks. Not much it's too easy! Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense. True! My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. You need passion. (cont) Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome" Thanks. My interview discussing my fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled Omarosa's Ultimate Merger: New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot! My interview discussing USC comments insurance premiums on the (cont) Really good thanks M. Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine: Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal. Awesome book w/ great insight!" Thanks good luck. Thanks. Thank you for those nice words! It's easy just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy! The campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont) True! The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14 We have raised millions of dollars for charity. Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up! .... to help McConnell who spoke right after Thanks Tessa. #CelebrityApprentice contestant stopped by to visit today- long time admirer. Want to buy one of your books for a friend. Any suggestions?" The Art of the Deal is a good start. Chuck--you are great--thanks! My interview on discussing #TimeToGetTough the GOP primary and the debate(starts at 23:00) Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home Thank you! Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove! should have stayed at CNBC—she was never smart but people liked her. Jeff Zucker’s got problems! Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco 1250 Old Country Rd from 6 pm to 8 pm Piers did a great job--the interview was very important. They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks! Thanks. Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas Very cool thanks. March 3rd. That's really nice--good luck! Thanks--and good luck. and stay at the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas My interview discussing interest rates the deficit timing and the Doral Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com Have you? Thanks--the big question is why! They get fired. Thank you. Have a good time enjoy this great city. I’m not sure about as Project Manager. can be formidable. But let’s see what happens #sweepstweet Thanks--you sound great! I was referring of course to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy. True! is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be VP. (cont) I do thanks. Thanks Gary it was great having you on the show may your foundation spend the money well. Thanks. is burying itself. 63% of Republican voters think Congress is ‘out of touch’ ... Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation" True! Thanks Paul. Yes and thanks. Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump Thank you Brian and good luck. sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly Should end pain &amp; just fold. Thanks Ann. I agree but their careers weren't fueled by drugs. Thanks #CelebrityApprentice “trying to be invisible”? No way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweet Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck. discussing my interview: "Trump: 'Clamor for tax returns has died down'" Happy to have and the FFC's endorsement of the debate. FFC is a great organization. Besides hard work what has made you such an enormous success?" I love what I do. But Rosie is smarter than March 3rd. also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days." And I have stock are you ready for the deal? Which hotel? Thanks! Thank you - a great compliment! Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: Dopey same people voting over &amp; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far. Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck! is actually right for once: Biden: "Voters should blame Obama not Bush for economy." True and thanks. reading The Midas Touch now what an amazing source of good information." Thanks. Thanks. RT Trump: 'Celebrity Apprentice' Season 5 is 'Tough Nasty & Smart.' Thanks. Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours. Thank you. Thanks Brian and good luck. Thanks. I will Paul thanks. Thanks. I just finished reading think like a champion I loved it..." Thanks and good luck. Just a small percentage. It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM Everybody says that! Thanks. It is selling great at Macy's--thanks! New look for Blue signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier Thanks. Never give up--keep at it! Thanks. released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin… (cont) Russian Ambassador stated that he supports ‘universal values’ not ‘American values’ (cont) Thanks Sasha! I read your book: "Trump 101 The Way to Success" and I absolutely love it." Thanks good luck! My interview with discussing why I will not be moderating the debate You are 100% correct - thank you! Happy and proud to help win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran #1in terror no problem! He is not smart enough to understand! Great! Thanks. method of spending the stimulus -- "Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra" Great. I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald!" Great! #sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks. must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in Great and thanks Paul. #TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes national security the debt dealing with OPEC and China and defeating I would stop paying him immediately. the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines! Great! Thank you and true! Best to look up titles at under publications. Start with The Art of the Deal and Never Give Up. And so have many others. Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting. 100% real! It's the sense of achievement along the way. Good luck. Thanks Jim! My interview with on behalf of discussing why the GOP must nominate Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog! True--thanks! Thank you. Yes I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on! Great going Ricardo! Check her records! Very nice Chris--thanks! I had a great time doing press interviews with and earlier today- But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do! stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!" Thanks! Thank you! I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success. Larry send the money to Police Athletic League NYC. You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats! He was great--loved Kew Forest. True and true! Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is Only 40 hours? (just kidding). Happy Birthday. Thanks Becky. Via “Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump ‘entertaining’” Great Nice--thanks. Thanks! Great thanks! Great wife! Thanks--work hard. My interview discussing the economy unemployment numbers China Charles BarkleyFrance and the election visited today- Tell John he is a total winner! Happy Birthday and good luck! Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection. Yes absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen! Thank you Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing! Agreed. Mitt but Stuart Stevens was terrible. Now tell the truth. Work hard! A tough week was had but he's come back from adversity before. Good thing to remember. Thanks--and great job David--what a great evening. Thanks Brad. Very good must be tough! Stephen that's right...and someone who is really smart! The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice but it does pay me a lot of money. Good luck! Not even close but that doesn't matter! Great! "I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family!" -RushLimbaugh This is from someone who knows they are a disaster. has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine. Thank you. Do you know how many years starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice Vince is fantastic! Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted. owns the gas prices. Great! Great! Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard! Thanks. Whether plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now? Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links." Thanks. Thanks. True! Sunday March 3rd on at 9 PM EST Wow--that's really nice! Thanks. White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent. You're right it's beautiful--thanks! So true. .Sam you are so pathetic! True and thank you. True Happy Birthday Not even close dummy he is strictly small time. Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these "innocent" boys were doing? True and thanks. Thanks enjoy. I'll say it again your tweets are very motivational &amp; inspiring. Thank you so much" Thank you. Are your ties available in South Africa?" You can order them online Win! Via "Trump 'blowing up' after by True--he is killing Scotland! Great! Thanks! ratted out his best friend in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P? LaToya is terrific. Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen. "Way to go for the big donation to the #VAuction" Thanks. While I never ran I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future! is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday. which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play?" Hard to say--all are fantastic. Keep your chin up keep going. did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of and the very dumb Ben Smith. Thank you. Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Thank you. Thanks! Thank you! is claiming that she decided to leave the Sure just like every other magazine that fired her. Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman: - Very funny! Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night 10 pm on NBC. No but I hate incompetence. Thanks Evan and good luck. Annika - Thanks you are the GREATEST - We all adore you! Thanks! Hello Dawn. Thanks. Great and thanks! So true! Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great! Happy Birthday Tiffany. Thank you. My bestselling book from last April Think Like a Champion is now available in paperback. It's inspiring entertaining and a great read. Thanks. Thanks Nick. Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter. Great going congrats! Not easy! Thank you. That could be. Agreed. See Trump Tower! Good! Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC That's why you're a failure! Just remember Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great! Thanks. Trump Tuesday on 7:30 AM is getting very good ratings as is on Mondays 7:30 AM. Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words. Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte Smart politics! England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please?" Check out MUST release a budget before begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution. Thank you. Thanks and good luck. Thanks Tony. Sleepy eyed thinks Las Vegas is a state--see this morning. Have a Happy Birthday. Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland. My interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark. A true TV legend who will be missed. - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this? You're right--doesn't fit my image. Great! Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me. You are so stupid! Me too thanks! Thanks Dan. Do what you love work hard keep your focus and your momentum intact. Good luck! I hope so! Complete is good. Yes. Happy Birthday! Good luck! Thank you. is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all! Great and thanks. is having an online competition - vote… I'm on every Monday morning at 7:30... The Wharton School of Finance is the best! Probably Mark. I hope so! I can't believe would renew Graydon Carter's contract...... No! thanks Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC. Thank you. Too early! See you in London--big crowd! Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed. Chuck--very fair best wishes! Maybe Obama? Enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China. Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. That’s why you are such a respected writer. Thanks Hailey- you sound great! Thanks Craig! RT Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms. And poor Scotland Do you understand sarcasm? Thanks. Thank you. I will thanks! Happy Birthday Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans Dressed to Kilt 2010 which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery. Thanks Jason. Trump tomorrow at 7:38 AM. Thanks-a great place! So true. Thanks. I certainly did--in spades. True and thanks! Wrong screen is too small-Samsung size is better. Rima Fakih our beautiful Miss USA rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday... Enjoy! Stay tuned! Happy Birthday! My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square. 5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8. Happy birthday Matt. Thanks Karlie! Thanks Tanja! Thanks Penn will be interesting--see you soon! Please read and watch a recent trip made to Trump Vineyard Estates by Thanks Dom. Thanks Joe. Thank you! Thanks and true! money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems" Wrong! job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work! Great! on tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in! Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better! Best wishes. True! Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot" Thank you. You are very nice thank you. Good. Never give up! They must actually like me! Thanks Wusong. Thanks! He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy. Great advice! Congratulations to for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat! My interview with discussing Super Tuesday and why must be We just blew it up dummy! Thanks! Thanks David! Thanks Justin. doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed. Thanks Matt. Great! Thanks Steve! Thanks La Toya! True! That's right hard work it is. But worth it. Thanks and good luck. You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you!" Thanks! The Ed Cox letter to Republicans which is being so badly ridiculed by the press should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD! Hi Amy see you soon. Swing hard. When we finish it will be one of world's great hotels. Happy birthday! March 3rd 9 PM EST on NBC Good luck. Thanks Deanna. Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) True! Don't be scared--we will come back. My interview discussing healthcare monopolies oil prices and birthday Thanks. Thanks! Good luck! Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved. The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course! the Arab league should be taking care of this not us." 100% correct Thank you - very nice (and true)! Thank you. I see my friend is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy wonderful job. #sayfie Thanks only the haters disagree! My interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers gas prices and acquiring the Doral True and thanks. You can and you will--work hard. Don't miss me on Monday at 7:30 AM Casandra--It's not--thanks. I did a great thing for Scotland! Good work Pam. Logan: You are wrong on is a tough &amp; talented guy--&amp; very loyal--a rarity in life. Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending banks & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto: Great--enjoy! I'll be on on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in. Thanks Eileen! True! His budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 America! Yes Danielle a great chance. Thanks Dave. I agree he is amazing. Very nice Denise thank you. Not me I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy. I now tell people it is a great time to buy purely a political move if he met w/ObamaMr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!" Thank you! Thanks Nathalie. Thanks enjoy! Good to see you also - I will be watching! Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement. March 3rd. Sadly it's worthless! Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r. - loser! Thanks. Thanks and good luck! It helped! Via ‘Most Overrated Man in Politics’Responsible for Ashley Judd’s Rise” A terrible situation. Thanks. I hope so! True! True. Thanks! 66 Thanks and great job! Hear me on now!#rozandmocha Thank you! "Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back'" via They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job. Thank you. Thank you. Way less - and you are soooo stupid! This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific. But they are the folks I like the best - by far! So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people! Thanks Thanks. Tune in! True! Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!) Thanks. March 3rd. True. Tanja--never give up! Happy Anniversary Heidi! Thank you Becca. Thanks. Thanks Boris good luck. Thank you. Larry thank you and keep up the great work! I agree! Nice to hear--and good luck! Thanks. Wrong Piers is smart &amp; tough and when you get to know him a really good guy--and loyal! Great go get 'em! I won't. Thanks. Thanks Scott. . Thanks. Thanks! No #Darnell does. I agree. You would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich. Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it. True. Thanks. Turbines destroy environments and people. Thanks. Thanks very nice. He should meet him &amp; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen. True! Thanks Lou. Thanks Alan. Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!" Bill is a terrific guy! I agree thanks. Thanks and good luck. Thanks--a great building. Great! My robocall on behalf of playing across the state of Michigan Thanks John. Thanks. I will be there soon! Thanks. "Made sure to visit during our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done Thanks. is having wonderful ratings once again. & I am very proud of this season. Thanks Jeff Happy birthday Victoria. Thanks! Great! Thanks. ‘asked’ Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model. Another diplomatic coup! Thanks! If dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen who is (cont) Thanks! Have fun and thanks. She was great! Thanks. Interesting. is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics it looks like she will (cont) True and thanks! Thank you. China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran China loves these deals! Soon--thanks. Thanks. I'll be on with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's debate. Thanks. Thanks! Thanks! Hi Robert--good luck. At least Doral will be great again!!!" That's true! Good luck! Thanks Lee! My honor! True! They are great. is a great guy and player! Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. Eric--True! Thanks Terry. True! Thank you. Thanks. Thanks Peter. Happy Birthday Deborah. &amp; “Director’s Cut” has 4 days to go until it meets its goal Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?" No. How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain). So do most smart people! I will! Thanks Erol. Great enjoy the hotel. Via "Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project" Thanks! Thanks! Thanks. Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy. True! The greatest compliment of all--thanks! Thanks! Happy birthday. I won't. You have real talent! Thanks just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin. Thanks. Thanks Andy. I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined. Good luck. Thanks. Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil). True! Thanks--they are working on it. Best buildilng and service. Thanks Larry. Hi Chris. I love all sports! Thanks Anthony. Thanks. That's great! Don't forget to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest: Don't be so sure! Thank you Joselyn. Thank you:-) Yes and thanks. Good idea. Interesting! Thanks. Which they should! HI! Thanks. Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest! See you later. Thanks Rick. True--good luck! and the 2011 contestants stopped by Trump Tower yesterday watch the video... #MissUSA #VEGASusa11 The Art of the Deal. True! Thanks Drew. Good luck. Thanks Ellie I will. Thanks Van--so true. Thanks. Thanks. It will be great. Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work. will be happy--she's also a great person. is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia. Very nice--thanks. Next Sunday! Thanks Adam! Because he paid me far more than it was worth! Thanks Metalchick! Good luck again! But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price. and yet another ...all of them are spectacular. The Dunes here are amazing and they're how I learned about geomorphology which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip Great interview with Greta! "America has lost incentive!" " Thanks and true. That's good news! Congrats. Thanks. Thanks Seth! Your man little Jon S(?) can't win he's not smart enough or quick enough! My honor. See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention Thanks Jay. Great and good luck! Many thanks. Thank you! Thank you! Great taste enjoy! Thanks and yes! Thanks! Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els and had a great time. Japan is very well represented! Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday. SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 He can't even deliver ratings in an election year. Thanks Gary. Soon. The opposite! Very nice thanks! Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food good prices. Enjoy your visit. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Trump by far! Thanks. Have fun! I'll bet he was! Thanks. Thank you. I enjoyed my intetview with only hope it is fairly edited! Thanks. Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy No held up to storm very well. Thank you. Scotland course held up to storm very well. Our clubhouse on the North Sea. Editorial by in the "DailyCaller: "Defending Innovation in America" Thanks--my honor! Thanks it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year. Thanks! My best wishes. Thanks. In April - thanks. Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland! Flattery! Yes absolutely. Great. has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) Thanks. True and not good! Thanks Anna. That's good news! Great! It will be great--thanks. Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job. Thank you Edward. Thanks Antoine. Thank you Very good! It was great being with you last night - fantastic people and Bob V is special!!! Thanks and good luck! Thanks. Thanks. Happy Birthday Christine. Yes it will be amazing. Thanks. Jeffrey Lord former Reagan adviser has endorsed the debate with a great article So true Mike. Thanks--have fun! Thank you. Great! Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice to jewlery to free tickets and more.. Apology accepted. They are dummies! Interesting and true. Keep figthing don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life! Thanks. Great Jason! Maybe they don't want to. Thanks. They are laughing. Thanks Brandon. So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says? True! I will. Wish your mother a happy birthday. Thanks. Interesting view! The Art of the Deal! What a great building Mr T!" Thanks! Thanks. Thanks--just common sense. Thanks good luck. Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere. Thank you good luck. A great beauty! Great! Thanks Anthony. Very nice best wishes! Thank you. Yes--he is a great guy! Yes. Good question! Thanks. Aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet My great honor! Thanks and enjoy. Don't lie you will watch with great gusto! That's great! I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose CA) (cont) Great going! Thanks. Yes! Thank you! True! Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes. That could happen he is terrific! So nice good morning! Thank you! Thanks! Thanks Michelle! Thanks! Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester. Great to have you back for the best season yet! Thanks. Thanks! Thank you- I did! Good luck Joe! So nice thank you. It is great--thanks! Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere Hi Ethan Thank you. Thanks. Happy Birthday. Thanks! Hi Nick. Ivanka is a great example. So nice thank you. Lili will call you - thanks and good luck! Great looking couple-good to have him back! Yes you can't allow people to scam you &amp; rip you off. Perhaps--no decision yet. True they are being decimated. Yes. Innocent of what weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case! Biden is delusional. He is criticizing on economic record is an abject failure. And many other countries! Do not give up keep moving forward. Thanks. So true--thanks. Thanks. Thanks! Thanks. Sounds like a good idea to me! Great! Thanks. You need both thanks. Thank you. Thank you. March 3rd. It will be the country's finest resort! I understand thanks. Sounds like the best place! True. Thanks! Original schedule but going back to two hours. Thank you Christine. claims that his Koran apology "calmed things down" US troops were killed by (cont) Looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower. He knows the best place! Thank you. Great--thank you! I have a feeling the emphasis by and will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont) Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours. Happy Birthday! Mary--Great! Thank you. True! So true! Thanks Darren. Great! Great! Thanks Dirks--my honor. Yes send address. True! Thanks 57th and Fifth. Savannah work hard in school! Thanks Phil! Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes. True Michael! Thank you. Thanks Brian! Thank you. You are right. That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Very good! True! Kim keep up the great work - you are really doing well! Thanks. Okay--hi Maria! Thanks. Speak to Vince. Thank you Susan. thanks--work hard and good luck. Good point! Thanks! I was in my twenties. Thank you John. Piers is a good man even if we disagree with him. Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: I like to invest in what I know which tends to be real estate but I keep an open mind. Thanks it will be great. Thanks Bryan. Greatly appreciated thanks. Wind turbines are a disaster! Yes. a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp; others! This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere. Happy Birthday. Thank you. Great! Good luck! Thank you. I hope that's the reason--otherwise just plain stupid. - Jordan is great! Bob Kraft &amp; Coach Bill are far too smart! Barclay a friend of mine &amp; a wonderful guy didn't mean to be so nasty to He was just (cont) Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy! They call me names but that's ok? Thanks Kari. 4th now! David should have seen his interview with truly amazing." Agreed. Happy Birthday Mark. Thanks Ric. Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to: I will check it out thanks. Yes! Thanks. He's great! is a fantastic guy! Good to hear enjoy! You always look great on TV even without a Trump tie! Wow what a great honor--thanks. Thanks. True. Looking forward to it--thanks. Thanks Jaime Happy Holidays Thank you! Thank you. March 3rd. Thanks Kim. Thanks--will do. Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter! Thanks Jack! Thanks--very nice. Thanks and that's good news. Good luck. The Art of the Deal. She is a fabulous woman! Thank you very nice! Adele--Happy Birthday. They usually put the leftovers on Friday like Shark Tank. Thanks! Thank you! Very nice thanks Rachel. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you Thanks. I hope so. Thanks Andrew. My interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National the FL primary and OPEC Thank you. Big pollution during manufacturing and building process! Interesting! Have fun! Thanks I appreciate it. Sadly true--but it can change. hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodeland I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)" Thanks! Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success. Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving. The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp; packed—really cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built. RT Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections via The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for bird chopping wind turbines in and fought me on bird friendly golf course! Thanks. - my description of - "Future President" or "POTUS 45" or Worst Nightmare" Thanks! You will love it! Please send info to 725 Fifth Ave N.Y. 10022. Thanks. Nobody says this! continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs She's a perpetual job loser. Have fun enjoy NYC. Thank you! Thank you! It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit. True! Great architect! But a bad one! Thanks Andey. Thanks Heidi. An answer would not be pretty! Thanks Doug Skylar and Tammy. They must go to a larger screen. Thanks! Work hard! Thank you. Mr. Speaker bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling. Thanks. Spring of '15. Thanks Country is in trouble. Fun! I love what is doing. Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course. Thank you I was dealing with a very bad person! Thanks Sirio--great food! Thanks Jane. How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major?" Very soon! Thanks Owen. That's true! four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices each embodying excellence She can't but I adore her. Thanks! Happy birthday! Perhaps so! True but the losers don't know that--thanks. is desperate. Now he is saying that he would prefer over (cont) Thanks! Just killing time! Excellent. Great idea. March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST Great! Thanks I do and will! Thanks! class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention. He is charging $1 Million for a single suite. Thanks I will. There is none. Thanks I will. Wow! True! Thanks. Thanks Ed. True! March 3rd. Tune in! Thanks. Great taste! In Charlottesville Virginia... Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-) Thank you. Thank you. Thanks--and good luck! Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better! The Art of the Deal is a good start. True! I do complain. They gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers Fight hard they are horrible! Send his info to my office. No the project sucks! Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York Thanks. is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster! Great! Yes. Yes you can for country's good. Thanks Nick. Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 TNGC LA CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon Have a great day. I fully understand your question. I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions. Thanks. Thanks. is clearly not a team player. If he was knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont) Thanks it is a beautiful city. True and thanks! Timing is important so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed. Thank you. Q/A Yes I'd give the real numbers. Great--and great city! Yes she is FANTASTIC! Thanks Kasey! Ellis--get well soon! But I know and think he would do really well-tough smart and a good guy! Thanks and good luck. Yes and I am Presbyterian. Thanks Rich. Happy birthday! Sadly true! Donald Trump appearing today on CNN International’s ‘Connect the World’ as ‘Connector of the Day’. Submit questions: Thanks Janise! Thank you. Thanks. Yes. Wrong--not even close! Isn't that so true! And by the millions. Sikorsky 76 A total mess! Thank you. Thanks. Very true! No his facts are very bad for him. Yes and thanks. Then he wouldn't be president. And a dumb guy! Third party is tough. The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki Midas Touch. (cont) Hi Sara--have a great time! Thanks Cathy. I will. Thanks for the nice words Irv! doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas He wants $6/gallon gas! I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection. Thanks Matt. Of course I do--for good of country! True and thanks. Thanks Tiffany. Thanks Anthony. Thank you it is great. You have real talent! Perhaps. Pray for great leadership! appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u." My honor. Thanks Ted see you at the show! Happy Birthday tomorrow Matt Thanks Gary. A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland! Thanks! Are you redoing the Red Course Doral too?" Yes. He is on and he's great! In answer to your question my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family. Yes if they fight! Thanks Timothy. Great! Starts March 3 Thanks! Thank you. 100% true. Thank you. Sunday March 3--thanks! Thanks Kevin I tell the truth. beautiful MacLeod House &amp; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations &amp; dining w/ sea views Thanks Erek Hi Joanna. A clip from my interview discussing how debate is determining the GOP primary polls I understand your message. He is too smart to do that! No. Go for it! Happy Birthday Sarina. Thanks! I agree! Thanks and enjoy! Thanks but I don't feel like it--work too hard! Thank you. Thanks. Sorry she's taken. Interesting! Police records signed confessions and more? I agree. Thanks! Thanks Andrea and good luck. Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rd at 9 pm EST Great! Keep working hard. Well he's now paying a big price! Once again thanks Nathalie. Very cool! Thanks Jimmy. interview on discussing her beautiful jewelry linemy son Barron and the 2012 campaign Midas Touch by Donald J. Trump &amp; There certainly is plenty of evil. Thanks. Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic. 9 on NBC. Not looking like it! 3 minutes. Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm Thanks! SOTU claim that “companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas” is 100% false Thanks Mallory! True! I will! Great move! Good reason for a celebration. Way beyond! Hope so! Thanks Bobbie. Thanks--enjoy your visit. Thanks! Thanks M. You do and thanks. Only tell the political truth--thanks. Very nice thanks Barb. Every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse (cont) No that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY) Wow--very nice thanks. Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests. Thanks Gaby. Thanks. Thanks Heidi. Much better enjoy it! True! I agree on both counts! Happy birthday Glenda! Great! Thank you. Thanks. Have fun! Thanks Jacqueline. Thank you--a great compliment. Thank you. I do--and say hello to Carson. Thanks! Yes very soon. Project will be amazing! Thanks Rob and good luck. This Sunday March 3rd at 9 PM EST on Just success for our country! 7 months. I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free! Conservative! Happy Birthday Anthony Emil--great &amp; do well with it! or Ireland? 9?. Thanks. Q/A I receive a great many requests for interviews nationally and internationally. Thanks. Happy Birthday &amp; enjoy NYC. I already have two great pilots. Happy Birthday. sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry. Have fun! Thanks Rose. Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted! Thank you! Great meeting you! As a parent education has a high priority it is very important. I went to one of the best schools and (cont) Thank you! Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you. Not much! Thanks Kayla enjoy. Thanks. True! Perhaps. My first job was working for and with my father Fred C. Trump. Thank you. Thanks everyone loves it. Thanks. Thanks Tim! Thanks. He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink! Good luck. Thank you. Interesting. True and thanks. GREAT! Thanks! Wow! Fantastic. Thanks. Thank you! Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S. Thanks Scott. Thanks. Thanks. True and thanks John! I know! Thanks! Thanks. Much can be done and it would be easy! The Apprentice will be great! Thanks. They were both terrific! Thanks Hank. Great! Good luck! Not negative! Thanks. Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon! True! Thank you Andy! Wrong! Yes. Thanks--it will be great. Thanks Steve. Thanks! No they have no guts. Good move! It's a great hotel and city glad you enjoyed it. Thanks Scott. Wrong! Thank you. Thanks. Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide. Hi Jean Thanks and enjoy. Stop "The China Curse" --- Pass the China Currency Bill! Yes and thanks. That is true! sparkling white &amp; red wine collections have won numerous major awards &amp; acclaim including Thanks Patrick--a great compliment. That's great! Thanks! Happy Birthday! Justin it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great! Mark - thanks for remembering. Happy Birthday True and thanks. Thanks. Thanks Jan! Great! Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction! Thank you. It is Trump! Thanks. Thanks Joey! Thank you! Thanks Matt. Real estate! A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case Thanks Sonia. That's true and I love it! That is true. I will--thanks--"Success" is fantastic. Thanks Mary. Thanks Terry. Thanks. Amy is terrific! Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday. True! Our country needs the same fix-up. Great! Wow so nice! Thanks I wish I could have met him. Thanks Bryon. Thanks Sven and good luck. Have a great time at a great place! Have fun. Great idea - did you see their list a joke! I agree it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks. He had very bad advice. Happy Anniversary Teresa Thanks Allison! Thanks Michael. Great and thanks. Very sad isn't it! Thanks Euan--We will save Scotland's great beauty--no turbines. March 3rd--tune in! So true! I wish him the best of luck. Great and thanks. Thanks! Good idea--enjoy! It will be fantastic--be sure to visit. That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch. Donald out of all the resorts you own which do you consider the best?" I'd better not say! My agenda is such that I can't meet with you but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best. Thanks! Thanks! Thanks! Great! No the Chinese will make them! Great! Agree--thanks! Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era." We got lucky! Hi Hallmar. Happy Birthday Leah I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you" Thanks. Thank you. It will really be amazing when complete. Thanks Lisa Good luck! Thanks Matthew! Los Angeles or Scotland! Thanks. Thank you. Thanks and good luck. Write to Mark Burnett. Yes. Great! you are a great mentor. I have all your books" Great--good luck! So nice thank you. It will be great &amp; produce many jobs. Thank you. Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral. No My pleasure. Thank you. But true! You can have a round on me! Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?" You never know! Thank you. Thanks. True! My honor! They will mostly vote for Dems. No! Thanks! Thanks. In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - "What do you think of Donald Trump?" Beggars! No but thanks. Thanks. Thanks! Great thanks. Interesting and thanks. We need someone! She was great! Great! Thanks David. Thank you. I hope so! Wrong made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance or do nothing with it-look at stats. You'll have to watch to find out. True! Thank you Rob! Great thanks! Good. Thank you. Even more--thanks. Thanks Wilson. Not much! Great! Thank you. Thanks Jeff. True! Thank you. Thanks Matt. Thanks--and good luck. True! True! Great! Thanks. Thanks! Yes and thanks. Good luck. Thanks and good luck. Thanks Bob it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer! Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm. No not trademarked. Thanks Mary. Thanks I'll keep at it. Agreed they're doing a great job. That's cool I agree! Good idea--I wish him luck. Thanks! Thanks. Thanks good question/good point. I did--thanks for remembering. has done nothing to help Great! is innocent. Italian government should pay for this travesty. Work hard and love what you do! Thank you. Thanks Bradley. Thanks Christopher. Thanks and good luck. March 3rd. Thank you. Very true! Thank you. Thanks Roxanne. Thank you. Send it to me in New York Doug! Thanks. Thanks Darlene. Great and thanks. Thanks. I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way! Yes. Not even close - he is just as you know a very bad copy (who I profit from). I know Adam--he's a great player &amp; great guy! Thanks. Macy's will be happy--and so am I. Thanks Patti. Thanks. I have not run it for many years I sold it a long time ago (great deal great timing). When I owned it a top place! Just amazing! Thanks no wonder our Country is in such trouble! So true! and here's I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real. Me A great place. Work hard! Thanks and true! Kris great place enjoy! But not hard enough--good luck Chris. He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner! We'll see. I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't! Stay tuned! And you looked great last night Lara. Thanks Bill! True--but keep up the good work! Thanks. Thanks. Thanks Crysta! Thank you. I hope so! True. That would be great Philip! True--thanks. Thanks Joe. Happy Birthday! Thank you. Also true! Thanks! Thanks What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY not by 2025. Thank you Thanks! It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease. Thank you. So true! Thanks! Turbines will kill more birds than hunters. Thanks! Sometimes that's necessary. True! Jody--Agreed. So true! Thanks Thanks Sam and it's doing great! But Paula handled it very poorly! Thanks Lynn! Thank you. Horses went up also! Trump Tower is open to the public. Wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great! It will be fantastic! Have fun #1. Great! Thanks--stay tuned. Can't pick a favorite--thanks. A Hall. I will try! Thank you. Thank you. Don--a terrible story (fact). Thanks. Really terrible and a sad day for our Country! I agree. Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart! Thanks. So true! Yes--it is great! Interesting and thanks! Thanks Jeff. Let's see! Yes! Thanks. Happy Birthday Andrew Thanks Ben. Thanks--and good luck. Thanks Andrew. Thanks. Good luck! Thanks Wendy. Thank you. Thanks Craig. True! So true! Thanks. Thanks. Thanks Sandy. Wonderful news thanks. Thanks. O.K. write me. True! Thanks Jenny. Thanks and we will keep you posted. Great. You are right he is a total joke - his players laugh at him! Thanks. Thank you. Thanks Matt! True! Thanks Andey. Stupid they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat! Thanks K. Thanks we'll see! I agree! Thanks. True! I won't. That's great--you will love what we are doing! True! I love that idea! I will! Thanks Thanks! Thanks Michael. Could happen. Thank you. Thanks. Art of the Deal. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Great Chris. Thank you and good luck. Thanks. True! signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects Very impressive. Rick is doing a masterful job. Thank you. Thanks. Great! Good luck! Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.) Thanks. Thanks! Thanks. Thanks. Thank you! Thanks Dana. That is indeed true! Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Not good! The Art of the Deal is a good start. I do! Yes. A toy next to The Apprentice - just a friday fill in! March 3rd Thanks Michael. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. True. Thanks Cynthia. Thanks Carly new season starts March 3rd. Perhaps so! Thanks Brandon. Very true! You are correct but he is so easy! Thanks Paul. Thanks Dorothy. She will run! Thank you. Good idea! Thanks! Not too many around! A happy and healthy family. Thank you! Thanks. Olivia is great--x10. Thanks. Good ideas and hard work! Great! Go for it. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks! Thanks and good luck. I am sure you would be just fine! Thanks Andrew! Thanks and say hi to your son! Thanks. Thanks. Thanks! EST Thanks! Not a bad idea! Thanks Joseph. Thanks. So true not even close. I will! Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes it's doing well! Thanks. I will. Thanks Angie for your comments. My honor. Have the Arab League do it and pay for it. Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season! Thanks Jerry. Good luck. Thanks it will be great. Thanks. So am I. I will. But hard work! Thanks very nice. True! Thanks. True! Lots and yes. Thanks! Thanks. Thank you! Only some! Thanks! I will! Thanks. Happy Birthday Bernice. Thanks. True. Thank you. Rather amazing wasn't it! Thanks. Great! Thank you New York. Thank you! Yes. Happy Birthday and best wishes. Thank you. Yes online through Macy's. Thanks see you tomorrow. Thank you. Thanks Brianna! Thank you! Thanks--will be great! Thanks for your kind thoughts I love S.I. Thanks--say hi to Mikey. I don't think he can! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! Keep at it! Thank you. Keep up the good work Cynthia. I agree! Thanks and good luck. Thanks Tanja Thanks Michael! Thanks Will. Thanks and good luck. Thanks Neil. Yes and best wishes. thanks Thanks it has been amazing! Very interesting!!! Many people agree! Thank you. Very good! Seriously! Thanks. Good luck. You're absolutely right. Interesting. So true! Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular. Thanks--keep up the good work. Not true! Sadly that's right. Very nice thanks. True and true! Thanks Jaynie. And that's okay. Chester--unreal. Thank you very much. Quite nice thanks! Thank you Andy and best wishes to you. I agree--and thanks. That's right. Work hard and never give up! Thanks it was fun and amazing! Thanks! Happy birthday! Happy Birthday. You're right--billions. I have and I do. And I look forward to it--big crowd. Many people agree. Good! and good luck! Great thanks. Thanks--work hard every day! Great! Very nice--thanks again. Thanks--you will love it. Thank you. Thanks--and good luck. True and thanks! Thanks. Thanks Susan. Easier said than done! March 3rd 9 pm EST on No. March 3rd 9 PM EST on NBC. Happy New Year Sandra. Happy Birthday! True. is great at what she does. Thanks I had a great time. Interesting! Thank you! Thank you. Thanks! Great job! Thank you. Seems like it! is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate Thanks Cheryl. Yes and thanks. Happy Birthday Kristine Thanks very proud of it. Great and thanks. Thanks Joannah they are sad and lost people. Very nice! Good luck. Thanks Totally! Thanks! Sorry have to be a member. Stay tuned! True! Good luck! Great--and good luck! True--just terrible. Thanks Thomas! Great--I would rather it be here--by far. Great school--thanks! Will be a great event. See you in London. Thanks and yes. Thanks Joe. Thanks and good luck. Most likely in February. Thank you I had an amazing time! Work hard. Thanks Gilberto and good luck. She's fantastic. March 3rd 9 PM EST on NBC. True! Thanks. You won't be disappointed! Definitely exciting. You should--they are great! Actually too many to pick one. Last week to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest: Could be true--thanks. Amazing is good too. Yes--leadership! Thanks Sean. No discounts only penalties! March 3rd. True! Thanks! Thanks. So true! Great success! Thank you. Will be great--thanks. Thanks. They were amazing thanks! - Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! - very fair interview! Have a happy one! Thanks. I will! In addition to ripping me off. Thanks True! Thank you. They should have stopped paying him a long time ago. Thank you. Great! Thanks. Thank you! (I think) Great reminder--thanks. That sounds great--a bad woman. Thanks Debbie Thanks--read my books they can help. A great place! Thanks. Thanks Thanks. Happy Birthday! Thanks! Congratulations and all the best to you. I will try! They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it. It will be great! Thanks Grant. Thank you John! Either is great. That is true. Wow! Thanks. True! Thanks. Thanks. Keep going! True! Thanks great that you remember really nice. Great good luck. Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others including television. Donald Trump’s commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating: True and thanks. Thanks Mark. Thanks! Thanks Thanks! Thanks! Thank you. Thanks--it will be great. Anytime! Thanks Basil. The Art of the Deal. I will--thanks. Thanks--glad it was good. They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed). Thanks coming up soon March 3rd. Four. Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie. Thanks Traci. Hi to your son. Much worse! Thanks! Thank you very nice. Great to meet you also. Thanks! Thanks it was wonderful. Thank you! Good luck! Very nice--thank you! Thanks. Yes but we must act soon. No way they are bird killing machines. Just the beginning! Hi Morgan and good luck. Be smart &amp; work hard! Work hard! tops 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats Never give up. You have what it takes. Thanks great building! Sad! Thanks. Great! Okay great! Thanks! Thanks Jimmy. Thanks Jennifer. Totally wrong dopey. Interesting. Thanks--they are good kids! Thank you Nadine! Happy Birthday! Very nice thanks. True--isn't it sad! Watch next week! Great and best of luck! True! Thanks Tom. Thanks and Happy New Year. Thanks--work hard &amp; good luck. You may be right! Thanks Kelly. No I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon Thanks and good luck. Thanks Chuck. Yes. Thank you. Definitely worth it. Thanks Jack and Happy New Year. Wrong! Thank you. is having a poll cast your vote for me at It will be great! Thanks. Not great! Hello. True. True! Only because he has something to hide. So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl Warren etc. True. Thanks. True! Thanks! Thanks Chris Thanks Paul. Thank you. Well Trace will now have a second chance. Doral is doing great! Good luck! True and thanks! Work hard and keep at it! Thanks! Thank you. Thanks. Thanks Ricardo. Interesting. Thanks Thank you! Interesting! Great--good luck. So true! Sounds like a good idea. Thanks! Thank you. Yes at Macy's. They just acted but it was Obama that promised! Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! I hope so for the charity's sake I is going down with and Patch &amp; hates Tim Armstrong. I told you so! Thanks! Thanks it was a great show.. Wow good competition! Thanks. Yes! I agree. Thanks. Thanks. may not agree with your political stance but your golf courses are unreal" Thx (I think) Thanks I hope you enjoyed it had a great time. Thank you. Yes it will happen. Thanks! Thanks! So nice thanks! True! Thanks people love them Interesting and often true! Thanks Amie. She was great! That's what I hear. Good luck! Thanks Tom. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Who knows? Thanks. Yes. Yes -- Thanks Kelsey. Thanks--let's see what happens. Thanks Chris! Good place! Thanks! Sounds like it! Pretty much! I am very truthful! Thank you. Thanks Bobby. Thanks. March 3rd. Good! Yes--and thanks. Wow--thanks. Don't be a fool. Very cool thank you. I get you! Thanks Doris. Thank you! Thanks. Thanks Keith! Thank you. Thanks I think! Great picture say hello! Thanks! But he will get it! Great! Thanks. Thanks I am. Hope I do well! Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work. is great! Thanks a lot Megan. True! Very kind thanks. True! Thank you nice work. Thanks Darren. Thanks! Good idea. Must be careful &amp; smart! Thanks! I promise. Thanks. who was badly injured by an airplane was great on The Today Show! Thanks. Thanks! Keep fighting and learning! Great! Thanks and good luck. Do not give up--you will make it! It's about time! leader Ed Cox’s record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around. I'll bet you had a great son. True! My honor thanks! Thanks! Great good luck. Interesting! Thanks but I receive from U.K. also. Good! Great! Good luck. Thank you GLN! Great thanks. No we need a great businessman. Thanks Michael. Thanks. Erick--Thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years! It is thanks. Thank you! Thanks! Thanks. Thanks Mark Thanks. Fantastic! Which one? Thank you. Take the time to make it great. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Dying magazine. You sound great! Thanks. Thank you Joey Thanks Suz for your comments. I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases. I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! Very nice thanks. Good luck. Easy--only small area. Interesting! Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!